JOHN BIEGALSKI 340 N 12th street, Unit 2-10, Philadelphia, PA 19107
biegalskij@gmail.com - (215) 370-0722 - www.linkedin.com/in/johnbiegalski

Experience

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT)

Philadelphia, PA

Asset Management Analyst

January 2015 - Present

Support the Asset Manager and provide financial oversight and guidance to operating and leasing management

staff for a region of retail real estate assets within the company's portfolio.

 Head National Key Account package lease renewals; Spearheaded the development of the main

negotiating platform used to serve as ongoing and final document in National Tenant package deals in

order to maximize revenue.

o Monitor and renegotiate bankrupt and at-risk National Tenants package contracts to reduce

budget and co-tenancy exposure.

 Conduct financial analyses and research to support SVP and the Asset Managers recommending long-

term financial strategies based upon operating cash flows, capital requirements, merchandising trends and

redevelopment alternatives.

 Assist CFO and COO in preparation for quarterly earnings calls and ad hoc projects.

 Execute statistical and market analysis on a daily basis to discover trends within individual shopping

centers, regions, and national tenants.

 Manage the life cycle of deals within assigned region across departments to ensure accuracy of negotiated

terms and completion.

 Collaborate with Leasing to formulate and document a five year leasing game plan for annual budget and

actively manage a monthly reforecast.

 Utilize Argus DCF and Enterprise software to assist Acquisitions in underwriting properties for sale and

potential JV opportunities.

PREIT (NYSE:PEI) is a publicly traded real estate investment trust specializing in the ownership and

management of differentiated shopping malls. PREIT owns and operates over 23.5 million square feet of retail

space in the eastern half of the United States with concentration in the Mid-Atlantic region's top MSAs.

Clarendon Properties, LLC

Wilmington, NC

Property Financial Analyst ­ Intern

2013 ­ 2014

 Assisted with due diligence, financial analysis, and feasibility studies for all new prospective Marriott and

Hilton hotels development.

 Market and sensitivity analysis for Marriott and Hilton hotels, medical facilities, and apartment

complexes in the south east.

Shorebreak Pizza Grille

Avalon, NJ

Manager

Summers 2006-2014

 Managed front and back of house operations.

 Maintained desired expense to sales ratios throughout the season.

 Quality work in inventory control, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and customer relations.

 Hired and mentored over thirty new employees.

Education

University of North Carolina Wilmington

Wilmington, NC

Cameron School of Business

May 2014

Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, Finance, GPA: 3.78

Activities: Student Finance Association; Seahawk Investment Management; Marketing Fraternity Phi-Sigma

Epsilon; Cameron Executive Network; Surf Club.

Additional

Awards: The President's Volunteer Service Award (2015), Dean's List (2012-2014) Volunteering: Brendan Borek High Tides Memorial Fund, Surfrider Foundation, ICSC Computer Skills: Microsoft Office, Oracle - JD Edwards, Planimetron, Argus Enterprise and DCF, Bloomberg certified in Equity and Fixed Income Analysis, Microsoft Power BI Personal: I enjoy music, traveling, the ocean, and Philadelphia Sports

