San Clemente, CA 92673

Dave Brown, MBA

(714) 747-2244

davechrisbrown228@gmail.com

BUSINESS STRATEGY & OPERATIONS

Proven experience in developing and implementing strategic initiatives. Proven record of leveraging data analysis to deliver insightful recommendations that foster growth and deliver leaner, more efficient business processes. Provide strategic insights and tactical solutions leveraging consulting approach. Project manager with strong executive-level communication.

Strategic Planning  Project Management  Internal Consulting  Financial Analysis/Modeling  Brand Management  Data Analysis  Competitive Analysis  Process Improvement  Sales Planning  Market Research  Reporting/Presenting  Executive Communication

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SALVATION ARMY, Western Territory

2016- Present

Director, Process Improvement (Business Operations)

Oversee business operations including supply chain management and online and in-store retail

operations. Develop and implement standard operating procedures (SOP) to manage 23

distribution centers serving 125+ retail outlets and ecommerce business.

Process Improvement: Provide strategic direction and improve efficiency through the
development and implementation of SOPs across the entire value chain.  Completed implementation of 7 SOPs throughout the supply chain and provided executive-level
communication (e.g. routes, product distribution, merchandising, sales)
o Increase annual revenue target by ~$25 million o Increased production efficiency by an annual value of ~$55 million

Business Development: Identify and establish additional revenue opportunities  Launch ecommerce business in each of the defined 23 regions of the Western Territory
o Contribute year 1 projected revenue from ecommerce of $1 million  Increase retail footprint with plan for 15 new retail outlets including 5 targeted to launch in 2017

Distribution Center Management: Manage 23 distribution centers for general business
operations, expense management and employee development  Evaluate operations and provide training and roadmaps for SOP implementation
o Successful SOP launch across all 23 centers o Centers' performance rating improves from "sub-satisfactory" to "high performing"  Establish procurement policies to identify cost savings across distribution centers
o Identify truck fleet savings of nearly $500k

HYUNDAI CAPITAL AMERICA, Irvine, CA

2013- 2016

Manager, Business Strategy

In a role of internal consulting, serve as project manager to evaluate, develop and implement

cross-functional strategic initiatives and lead operational improvement efforts.

Strategic Direction: Provide short and long-term strategic direction based on consulting approach to identify growth opportunities and develop initiatives including recommendations, expected outcomes.

Dave Brown

714-747-2244

davechrisbrown228@gmail.com

New Business Growth Opportunities: Lead cross-functional task force team to achieve
business expansion initiatives while maintaining project scope, timeline and cost.  Create strategic plan and cross-functional project plan for market entry
o Identified $30M return on $2M investment in commercial vehicle finance  Develop financial and operational models for potential strategic partnerships
o $25M opportunity for HCA off-lease vehicle remarketing

Operations Assessment: Improve process efficiency through identifying existing gaps and
developing improved operational models.  Defined new customer segmentation resulting in increased customer satisfaction scores  Establish new Procurement protocol
o OPEX savings of $3M in 6 months and defined new procurement standard  Evaluated commercial vehicle credit process and streamlined approval process
o Reduction in credit approval time by 50%

YAMAHA, Buena Park, CA

2010 - 2013

Analytics Manager, Customer Experience Group

Analyze market data to provide insights and tell a story to improve customer experience and

increase revenue, customer retention and engagement.

Customer Experience Strategy: Identify and implement strategies to increase customer engagement to drive sales using retail and digital distribution channels  Identify customer needs and target communications
o Favorable customer comments jumped 10 points to exceed 70% o Improved use of site; navigation satisfaction improves nearly 20 points to 97%  Developed more customer-centric website to increase traffic and drive conversion rates o 15%-30% increase in key website traffic KPIs; +15% in online conversions
Sr. Management Strategic Planning: present results and recommend next steps  Present current status and recommend next steps to executive council
o Selected as division representative to join strategic planning committee

WARNER BROS., Burbank, CA

2000-2010

Manager, Research and Insights

Managed analyst team to develop sales and marketing strategies. Implemented strategies that

propelled Warner Bros. to industry leader in syndicated properties and consumer product licensing.

Marketing/Brand Management: Identified key selling proposition and marketplace opportunity  Led development of data-focused marketing campaigns and sales strategy utilizing customer
segmentation and targeting to optimize distribution channel, pricing, product sales.
o #1 in industry in program hours

Business Analytics: Analyzed digital and traditional media with emphasis on ROI  Developed business models to leverage online opportunity (e.g. websites, streaming, etc.)
o Revenue and renewals exceed industry average by 2x

EDUCATION

Masters of Business Administration

University of California, Irvine, CA

Bachelor of Arts, English/Communications Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA

Awaken Group Business Consulting Certification (based on McKinsey & Company consulting)

The 5 Choices to Extraordinary Productivity Certification

