Avalon Chew
Avalon.Leiloni@gmail.com ­ 949.202.8388 ­ Costa Mesa, CA https://www.linkedin.com/in/avalon-chew-a1a63086
Summary of Attributes · Digital marketing training, leadership training, strong written and verbal communication skills, conflict resolution
training, creatively minded, extremely detail oriented, outstanding customer service, great work ethic
Education Vanguard University of Southern California, Costa Mesa, CA Scholarships: Directors Academic Degree: Bachelor of Arts in Psychology Minors: Business, Biblical Studies Graduation Date: May 2014
Job Experience MoPro Senior Digital Concierge ­ Quality Control - July 2017-Present · Promote open, clear communication between multiple U.S. and international teams. · Manage quality control for U.S. and international client correspondence. · Assure consistent quality of production and communication for more than 50 team members. · Develop and enforce department procedures while documenting and analyzing results.
Digital Marketing Coordinator/ Digital Specialist - July 2016-July 2017 · Responsible for training U.S. and international employees for a Proactive Outreach program which focused on
improving client experience and retention. · Creating professional scripting for client interaction and training purposes, as well as creation of Macros for email
correspondence. · Fulfill client requests and provide expert guidance regarding their website, digital marketing strategies, user experience,
design aesthetic, social outreach, and implementing best practices for SEO.
Friedman Stroffe and Gerard, P.C. ("FSG Lawyers") Legal Assistant for the Labor and Employment Group - August 2014-July 2016 · Coordinated, planned, and prepared travel arrangements for shareholder. · Sent and drafted written agreements, letters, waivers and new matter memorandums for clients. · Operated in Excel, Word, Adobe, I Manage, Office Accelerator, PowerPoint etc. daily. · Prepared attorneys for meetings, trials, depositions, court calls, hearings, and all other court appearances. · Investigated the facts of cases and ensure that all relevant information was considered and gathered. · Compiled, analyzed, and organized information, gathered exhibits and prepared written reports. · Maintained financial records while keeping track of budgets. · Organized and created files including client documents and made them available and easily accessible. · Updated and kept the Labor and Employment group memo used by Labor and Employment attorneys and staff in
weekly group meeting. · Attended Labor and Employment Group meetings where active cases are discussed and tasks were assigned.
Seed People's Market Sales Associate - October 2013-August 2014 · Worked with various aspects of retail, as well as serving customers and meeting their needs. · Prepared purchase orders as well as updating storewide inventory with new product. · Received inventory and prepared it for retail. · Merchandised out products in an esthetically pleasing manor.
Vanguard University of Southern California, Costa Mesa, CA Resident Assistant - August 2012 ­ December 2014 · Acted as a resource person and referral agent for University services. · Aided in organization of growth strategies for resident facilities. · Facilitated the spiritual, academic, and social development of the students under my care.

· Created and facilitated advertising.

