JOSEPH CORTEZ

Irvine, California 92618 | 714.496.7895 | JCortez014@gmail.com

 10 years of progressive retail management experience with 2 industry leaders ­ Target and Nordstrom.  Achieved extraordinary results at every level, consistently driving sales/profitability to top company rankings.  Expertise in retail operations, customer service, marketing, financial analysis, sales, strategy, project
management, and team leadership.

TARGET, South Orange County District, United States

EXECUTIVE TEAM LEADER ­ GUEST EXPERIENCE Mission Viejo Ca ($55M)

June 2016 - Present

 Oversee $55M in annual sales through team leadership, development, service and technology systems

 Accountable for every aspect of the guest experience including front-end services, loyalty programs, online

order fulfillment, food centers, cash office, and facility maintenance, in addition to operational efficiency

related to scheduling, payroll, budgets, and logistics

 Led guest experience division achieving top district rankings in customer satisfaction and loyalty

performance through accurate staffing, customer engagement, and technology rollouts at the store and

district level

 Selected as district lead to pilot new guest service initiatives and communicate rollouts to store leadership

 Drove improvement in engagement, retention, and overall morale by identifying, developing, and promoting

15 top associates and managers to higher-level positions or divisions within the district.

EXECUTIVE TEAM LEADER ­ SALES FLOOR OPERATIONS Irvine, Ca ($40M)

December 2015 ­ June 2016

 Oversee $40M in annual sales through financial analysis, operational efficiency, sales forecasting and strategy

 Accountable for all salesfloor operation processes involving merchandise layouts, price accuracy, inventory

management and staffing

 Achieved annual financial goals ahead of the district average by managing results through P&L, inventory

control, payroll budgets, sales forecasts and gross margins

 Communicated store inventory turn and stock to sales ratios to the corporate merchant planning team

 Selected to provide comprehensive support to the district on store remodeling projects and new process

rollouts

NORDSTROM, Southern California Region, United States

SENIOR SALES MANAGER South Coast Plaza, Costa Mesa Ca ($150M)

July 2013 - December 2015

 Led multiple departments across the division with full accountability of $20M in sales in a top 5 company

flagship location

 Achieved annual sales increases of 3% beating the store and region average generating growth in 9 out of 10

departments each year

 Ranked 1st in the region (22 stores) for sales volume and overall performance results each year. Improved from 4th to 3rd in the entire company (120 stores).

 Maintained impeccable standards in a high-profile store that received regular visits from top executives and

other VIPs, and was frequently selected to pilot new initiatives.

 Selected as the division department lead for the entire 22-store region based on outstanding results and performance. Served as a direct mentor and trainer to all managers in 11 southern locations.
 Selected by leadership for project management on strategic rollouts involving: Inventory management tools, event planning, sales analysis, forecasting and team development
 Selected to participate in committee for the development of a company-wide recruitment and talent management plan. Served as a liaison between the region and the corporate office for human resources.

 Led team of 25-30 direct reports and developed and promoted 11 individuals to higher levels across the store and region.
 Selected on 2 occasions to help cover the role of division merchandise manager during restructuring.  Rated as "consistently exceeds expectations" (highest level) on all performance reviews.

SALES MANAGER ­ Brea, Ca ($80M)

August 2011 ­ July 2013

SALES MANAGER ­ Riverside, Ca ($45M)

May 2010 ­ August 2011

 Consistently promoted from managing divisions with $2M in sales to $10M in sales by having year over year

increases above the region and company average

 Ranked in the top 2 in the region (18 stores) for comp sales growth every year from 2009-2013, consistently

surpassing all company targets and expectations.

 Recognized corporately for outstanding leadership in developing a team of 5-10 direct reports in sales,

productivity and service

 Led all processes involving merchandise assortments, visual displays and effective staffing at department and

store level

 Awarded 28 times for the highest monthly sales increase for the division in the region, including 4 times in

2009, 4 times in 2010, 8 times in 2011, 6 times in 2012, and 6 times in 2013.

 Achieved improvement in team sales-per-hour in both locations ­ drove the SPH from $185 to $201 in

Riverside, and from $220 to $265 in the Brea store (+20%).

 Selected by the store manager to spearhead several initiatives and events including coordinating seasonal

merchandising store-wide and managing seasonal product inventory.

 Selected by the division merchandise manager to pilot new product lines before national rollout and to

mentor/coach newly hired, newly promoted, and underperforming sales managers.

 Identified, developed, and promoted 6 top performers to higher levels including 2 to management roles.

ASSISTANT SALES MANAGER ­ South Coast Plaza, Costa Mesa, Ca ($150M)

2008-2010

ASSISTANT SALES MANAGER ­ Irvine, Ca ($40M)

2007-2008

 Plan and direct staffing, training and performance evaluations to develop effective sales teams that utilize

new technology and implement company service initiatives

 Analyze continuous sales and inventory data to maximize efficiency in staffing, service, merchandising and

product assortment

 Collaborate with department and store management to formulate new strategies to grow future business

based on consumer trends and product forecasts

SALES ASSOCIATE ­ Irvine, Ca

2005 - 2007

 Ranked in the top 10% in the entire company for individual sales results ­ received the "Pacesetter Award."  Meet and exceed all customer needs in merchandise or service

EDUCATION

California State University, Fullerton, California, United States MBA Business Administration, In Progress August 2014 ­ Expected August 2017 California State University, Fullerton, California, United States BA Business Administration - Marketing, May 2005 Santiago Canyon College, California, United States AA Liberal Arts, June 2003

Joseph Cortez | 714.496.7895 | JCortez014@gmail.com

