Lauren Freibert, MBA

freibert.lauren@gmail.com 949-244-9102

Skills Financial Planning & Analysis Budget Development & Management Executive Presentations Benchmarking

Proposal Writing Financial Modeling Strategic Planning GIS Spatial Analysis

Excel (Advanced) R Qualboard Qualtrics

Work Experience

Toastmasters International, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA

June 2014 - Present

Analyst

 Translated the board of directors vision for growth in global markets into a dynamic financial and

operational model in Excel. Wrote and presented a formal business plan to the executive team to target

Brazil, which since has established over 20 clubs and recruited over 500 new members without the

resources of physical assets or paid staff in the market. Now exploring the use of R as a more efficient

and reliable means of modeling growth.

 Served as subject matter expert on a board committee to evaluate Toastmasters' global growth strategy.

Led a multi-departmental study to test 24 committee recommendations for financial and operational

feasibility. The study involved the finance, legal, marketing, executive and IT teams, and was completed

in just four months.

 Set and managed the annual budget for each country targeted by the global growth initiative, including

accountability to monthly variance.

 Provided quantitative analysis of membership to support executive decision-making. Analyzed over 40

years of club growth to identify possible geographical or cyclical trends.

 Designed surveys and online discussion groups with Qualtrics and Qualboard to better understand the

motivations, experiences and satisfaction among Toastmasters membership.

Plante Moran Living Forward, Columbus, OH

Oct 2012 ­ June 2014

Analyst (Financial Consultant)

Clients of the Living Forward group are senior living providers (nursing homes, assisted living and independent

living) that are planning or undergoing new facility development, renovations or other large capital projects.

Prepared the following deliverables:

 Financial compilations for clients with small projects that did not require a large amount of funding.

 Debt capacity analyses, strategic assessment and planning for clients in the very early stages of a new

project. These often required working with the healthcare reimbursement team to obtain client-specific

Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates.

 Financial feasibility studies for large capital projects (e.g., $40 million independent living tower in

Spokane, WA). These reports were required assurance and were typically included in bond offerings. I

built an Excel template so efficient that it cut feasibility study costs in half ($8,000 per study).

 Industry conference presentations, including an impact report for county-operated facilities in Michigan.

The state was beginning to realize significant unfunded pension liabilities that would make it near

impossible for county facilities to secure funding. The presentation demonstrated how our group could

problem solve with any facilities that needed funding for renovation or expansion.

Lauren Freibert, MBA

freibert.lauren@gmail.com 949-244-9102

Pallas Partners, Louisville, KY

Nov 2011 ­ Oct 2012

Financial Analyst

 Designed highly dynamic models and valuations for investors, granting institutions (such as the National

Institute of Health) and potential partners. Most notable projects included modeling revenue for a speech

analytics platform and an affordable care organization proposed by doctors at University of Louisville (in

preparation for the ACA).

 Reorganized the firm's bookkeeping processes, including the administration of payables/receivables for at

least 12 separate businesses owned by the firm.

 Helped clients to better understand and manage their business by building working excel models and then

training them to use the models in their daily operations. In one case I spent two weeks shadowing key

plant supervisors to understand and analyze operations, assess the relationship between plant operations

and finance systems, and presented my findings back to my leadership team to facilitate a plan of action.

 Evaluated market potential for proposed mergers and acquisitions.

Education Masters of Business Administration - concentrations in Finance and Consulting, September 2011 University of Louisville
Bachelor of Science - Business Administration, June 2009 University of Louisville
Certifications Business and Financial Modeling Specialization, Oct 2016 Wharton School of Business, Coursera

