Joseph R. Higgins 4322 Shadyglade Avenue Studio City, CA 91604
July 08, 2017
Recruiting Manager Yum! Brands/Taco Bell
Dear Recruiting Manager:
I am applying for the Analyst, Strategic Development and Analysis (Job Code: 89579BR) position posted on the LinkUp and Yum! Brands websites.
Instituting a corporate culture of teamwork and collaboration is important so ideas and best practices are shared which allow Taco Bell to keep its "Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World" ranking according to Fast Company. I hope to be a part of a Taco Bell team committed to collaboratively applying frameworks which help aggressively add 2,000 stores over the next decade.
I am a business educator, leadership development instructor, and organizational effectiveness specialist with a vision for transforming individuals (and firms) into high performing dynamos. My career development opportunities across the academic, nonprofit, and corporate sectors have given me the ability to: develop training programs to effectively increase individual contributions to organizations; apply different frameworks which identify organizational needs and continuous improvement solutions; coach individuals to become immediate impact workers for organizations; performance manage individuals and programs in a variety of volunteer and professional situations; engage and build influential relationships amongst various stakeholder groups in many organizations; as well as analyze data (via OLS regression in SPSS) and present summarized findings detailing leadership behavior effects on worker behaviors as part of my PhD dissertation.
Analysts are essential for partnering with colleagues to deliver solutions which help achieve organizational goals and secure a return on investment for the firm. I believe that my communication skills, strategic mindset, financial acumen, and data analysis capabilities make me a good fit for this position. I feel that I can significantly contribute to Taco Bells's overall vision of providing quality food at an exceptional price, providing excellent customer service, and getting customers to "Live Mas." My MBA (Strategic Management) and PhD (Leadership) allow me to see the connections among strategy, operational activities, human capital requirements, and financial endpoints which can make this vision a reality.
I'm excited about the opportunity to grow personally and professionally at Taco Bell in a culture of energy, opportunity, and fun. My approach to solving problems is based on collaboration and developing insight. I like to bring out the best ideas in others, so that optimal solutions and methods can be applied to solving any problem. Let's build the world's most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands together!
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or need any additional information. I look forward to being on your interview schedule. Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
Joseph R. Higgins, Ph.D., MBA
1|Page

Joseph R. Higgins

858-382-6390 jhiggins@alliant.edu www.linkedin.com/in/josephrhiggins

Analyst, Strategic Development and Analysis PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

· Strategy and leadership development specialist possessing over 20 years experience in teaching, project management, and supervising employees in corporate, academic, and nonprofit firms.
· Extensive training and coaching expertise showcased during the orchestration and performance management of: research projects; executive coaching opportunities in nonprofit/small business organizations; leadership development programs, and multicultural classroom instruction sessions.
· Strong communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills demonstrated by establishing collaboration and teamwork to execute 7 leadership development courses, and overhaul a training program serving over 10,000 volunteers.
· Trained 20+ graduate students, student assistants, and FTEs in 6 different labs over 15+ years across private industry and academia. All work by these individuals contributed to the advancement of 3 private industry projects and 6+ scientific journal articles.
· Lead a 15 member staff to deliver a weeklong leadership development course for 36 people. 85% of the participants completed the application phase of their training and received a national award.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Adjunct Instructor, Business Admin Undergraduate Program Adjunct Instructor, Business Admin Graduate Program

Alliant International University / 2012 ­ 2015 Alliant International University / 2014 ­ 2015

· Developed, implemented, and provided classroom leadership for three undergraduate business administration capstone classes which included a global online simulation. One student team obtained and held a first place "overall team score" ranking for two weeks; five other teams obtained a top ranking in other simulation performance categories.
· Demonstrated effective coaching skills in a multicultural learning environment, by helping students integrate all their undergraduate coursework when making weekly simulation decisions for running their $300M shoe company, which resulted in improved business acumen competence and business operation confidence.
· Showed creativity and adaptability by adjusting formal classroom, independent study, and online (Moodle) classroom instructional content/techniques to meet the needs of organizational psychology and business administration students when teaching one graduate level and three undergraduate strategic management courses.
· Effectively delivered on: all strategy lectures, online simulation training, assignment feedback, application of adult learning theory (ADDIE), and student counseling which resulted in an overall average student evaluation teaching score of 4.3/5.0 for all classes taught at Alliant International University.

Teaching Assistant, MBA Program Research Assistant, Business Admin Graduate Program Teaching Assistant, Leadership Ph.D. Program Teaching Assistant, Bright Green MBA Program

Alliant International University / 2012­2015 Alliant International University / 2011­2012 Alliant International University / 2011­2012 Alliant International University / 2011­2012

· Evaluated the feasibility of introducing two new health care MBA program concentrations which manifested in an opportunity to author four WASC compliant syllabi supporting one of the new programs.
· Demonstrated knowledge management skills and classroom leadership by: using the learning management system (Moodle) to develop testing materials, grading examinations, assessing experiential classroom exercise performance, and providing student assignment feedback for the professor during one graduate level cross cultural management class.
· Collaborated with the professor to create class syllabi, conduct research on class articles, generate online quizzes, and handle course content for the Leadership Ph.D. and Bright Green MBA programs.
· Increased student motivation and engagement levels by encouraging students to give their best at all times.

2|Page

OTHER EXPERIENCE

Senior Associate Scientist I | Scientist

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals / 2001­2009

· Assisted in the laboratory management and advancement of four therapeutic area projects by developing and prioritizing high throughput cell based assays for various oncology targets.

· Showed effective leadership in the lab by training, coaching, and developing student assistants and junior employees so their data made impactful contributions toward the advancement of three company therapeutic projects.

· Applied root cause analysis principles to reduce lab waste, cut costs, increase productivity, troubleshoot experiments, streamline work flow, create effective standard operating procedures, and generate flexible laboratory operating guidelines.

· Demonstrated excellent public speaking skills, critical thinking, and aptitude to concisely communicate complex ideas when presenting data at project meetings and showcasing an oncology research poster at an American Association of Cancer Researchers conference.

Associate Scientist II Senior Research Associate Lab Assistant II

Agouron Pharmaceuticals / 1999­2001 Ligand Pharmaceuticals / pre 1999
University of California, San Diego / pre 1999

EDUCATION

Ph.D. ­ Leadership, Alliant International University (GPA 3.96)

2015

MBA ­ Strategic Management, Alliant International University (GPA 3.94)

2012

Outstanding Master of Business Administration Student

Six Sigma Green Belt Training, University of California at San Diego Extension

2010

Strategic Management Graduate Certificate, UCSD/Alliant International University (GPA 3.92)

2010

Finance Management and Organization Leadership Concentrations

B.S., General Biology, University of California at San Diego (UCSD)

1992

AWARDS and HONORS

National Chapter of the Year, Sigma Iota Epsilon (2010, 2011, and 2012) Keith R. Davis Graduate Award, Sigma Iota Epsilon (2014) W.E. Upjohn Award, Pfizer (2005) Silver Beaver Award, Boy Scouts of America (2000) Wood Badge Training Award, Boy Scouts of America (1996) Eagle Scout Award, Boy Scouts of America (1988)

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Curriculum Development Team Leadership Collaboration
Situational Leadership Project Management

Training Needs Assessment Creative Problem Solving Research and Data Analysis
Strategic Thinking Interpersonal Skills

Public Speaking Learning Management Systems
Microsoft Office Creative Thinking Attention to Detail

Statistical Software (SPSS) Transformational Leadership Analytical Problem Solving
Root Cause Analysis Change Management

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

INTERESTS

Member, Boy Scouts of America Former Chapter President and Secretary, Sigma Iota Epsilon Program Instructor and Coach, Youth Entrepreneur Program
Baseball, Basketball, Hiking, Swimming

3|Page

