Objective:

Anthony Kaabour akaabour@uci.edu
(425) 314­5076

To obtain and succeed in a position where I will be able to utilize my quantitative and qualitative financial abilities to excel in an analytical setting.

Education:

University of California ­ Irvine, California (9/2012 ­ 6/2017)  B.A. (Cum Laude) Economics and Political Science (Dual-degree graduation: 6/2017)  GPA: 3.76  Minor: Finance and Accounting

Henry M. Jackson High School ­ Mill Creek, Washington (9/2008 ­ 6/2012)  SAT: 2150  Dean's List  Member of Honor Society

Skills:

Proficient in: Microsoft Excel/PowerPoint/Access/Word. VBA. SQL. SAS. SAP. Essbase. Java. Python. C++. STATA. SPSS. MATLAB

Professional Experience:

Pathway Capital Management ­ Irvine, California 5/2016 ­ 9/2016  Worked with Private Equity Analysts and Associates on analyzing various fund-of-fund General Partnerships and evaluating their strengths and weaknesses with an emphasis on the Information Technology and Industrial sectors  Analyzed General Partnership's financial statements to build/maintain quarterly up-to-date pitch books and financial models with investment information relevant to Pathway and its affiliated partners and associates  Performed extensive M&A valuation using comparable top U.S. Private Equity firms, precedent transactions, DCF, LBO, and pro forma accretion/dilution analyses to prepare for strategic dialogues with the firm's partners

Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company ­ Irvine, California 6/2015 ­ 9/2015  Assisted in the underwriting of investment memorandums by utilizing SWOT analyses, evaluating investment structures, and constructing financial models/presentations  Worked with senior associates to analyze financial statements and prepare effective strategies for prospective investments based on analysis of 10-K's, 10-Q's, and other various investment materials  Mediated associate/client meetings to showcase options of Personal Planning Analysis and Wealth Management strategies

Farmers Insurance Group ­ Anaheim, California 6/2014 ­ 9/2014  Analyzed client portfolios to help create investment oriented strategies based on long-term objectives and Risk Profiles  Collaborated with agents to create policies that catered specifically to client's various needs focusing on Retirement Planning  Compiled client data based on local market research in order to establish/continue relations with high-net-worth individuals

Ace Technical Aircraft Consulting ­ Seattle, Washington 6/2013 ­ 9/2013  Administered payroll, tax, and account processing for all Aerospace engineering analysts  Clarified customer service related questions and inquiries that prospective analysts and designers had  Developed presentations with fellow associates to exhibit the company's goals and ambitions

Related Experience:

Mill Creek Advisory Board ­ Mill Creek, Washington 9/2009 ­ 6/2012  Lead and oversaw 30 other people to help create, prepare and host events for the city of Mill Creek  Supervised multiple fund raisers and events which created total revenues in excess of 50K that went towards local nonprofit organizations and charities

Associated Student Body ­ Mill Creek, Washington 9/2009 ­ 6/2012  Worked with fellow elected school government officials to make decisions on behalf of the entire student body in regards to class requirements  Organized assemblies, formals, graduation ceremonies, and other school wide related functions

