RICHARD KIM, MBA 131 Yellow Daisy, Irvine, CA 92618  310-343-8488  Rkim014@gmail.com

Experience

Mitsubishi Financial Group Union Bank

Los Angeles, CA

Contracted Analyst

Jan 2017 ­ April 2017

 Generated desktop procedures and identified gaps in existing testing controls to improve cycle efficiency and prevent

failures in testing procedures. Identified four key gaps and provided action plans to amend for next cycle.

 Compiled PowerPoint decks that consolidated CCAR and DFAST test result that are presented to bank senior

management. Participated in compiling, transcribing, and documenting testing that is submitted to the Federal Reserve.

 Acted as the key quality control point for multiple PowerPoint decks covering multiple business units and used in

various stages of capital planning. Identified 20 BP error in modeling, dramatically effecting projected cash flows.

Shanghai Southwind Equity Investment Management

Shanghai, China

Associate

Jan 2014 ­ June 2014

 Constructed financial models to predict profitability of multiple target acquisitions companies and advised upper

management of potential deals.

o Evaluated financial services firms with 3S analysis, FCF valuation, and sensitivity analysis.

o Established fair market valuations for firms in the Electronics (LED) space utilizing comparable transactions,

P/L analysis, DCF, and market research.

o Compiled Market Research Reports in Consumer Electronics and Financial Services for use by senior

management and resulted in two acquisitions and a walk away due to risks outlined in reports.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

McLean, VA

Contracted Subject Matter Expert

Dec 2013 ­ Feb 2014

 Provided analytical frameworks to assess sales channel, market strategy and operational support to senior Holdco

management. Advised and executed a restructuring of business units to better align with regional business needs.

 Developed and structured business and scenario roadmaps detailing potential supply chain partners and management

practices to best align resources and position for bid-to-win pricing and negotiations.

Regeneration Capital Group

Shanghai, China

Summer Associate, ECM

June 2013 ­ Aug 2013

 Reported to a Chinese investor group seeking mid cap energy sector and multi use real estate acquisition detailing

potential deal targets and local FDI regulations.

 Conducted analysis on market risk and financial statements and presented to e-commerce company seeking to make

initial public offerings resulting in an ASX IPO.

EO System Co., Ltd.

Incheon, South Korea

Team Lead, Strategic Partnerships & Business Development Ops

Feb 2009 ­ March 2013

 Project Manager for the NVS14, K11 and TWS-11 systems.

o Negotiated with key suppliers and sub-system providers to meet changing demands and requirements.

o Sourced potential M&A targets, negotiated industrial offset partnerships, and collaborated with partners for bid

to win strategies.

 Led the Project Development of MFOD

o Generated and presented marked research and analysis to drive the development of the MFOD project.

o Established the network of development partners, tier I and II suppliers, requirements and business roadmap.

o Developed the analytical frameworks and roadmaps to govern and support the development and implementation

efforts of the MFOD system. System is currently being sold on three continents and added another 10 MM USD

per annum in additional supply chain awards.

Education

THE GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY, School of Business

Washington, DC

Master of Business Administration ­ Strategy & Finance

May 2014

 Consulting Project for the Rwanda Development Board: Advised RDB investment officers on industry best practices and created new strategic target sector classifications in order to better allocate resources for increased effectiveness.
 Consulting Project for Pearson PLC: Analyzed and advised on novel revenue streams focusing on internet based services and marketing schemes. Projected primary and tertiary threats to explain falling sales and profitability.

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA Bachelor of Arts, History

Riverside, CA June 2007

Additional Information Languages: Native English, Fluent Korean Computer: Advanced Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Relational Databases, Data Analysis, SQL, Tableau

