SCOTT KLEIN (714) 524-1965 scottklein70@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Strategic Planning Concepts International

Tustin, California

Real Estate Conultant

May 2002 ­ Present

 Oversee the daily operations of SPCI and delegate assignments to staff.

 Negotiate, draw up, and revise contracts with a high rate of closing.

 Interface and consult with clients in English and Spanish.

 Effectively translate documents from one language to another.

 Conduct research, compile and analyze market data, write, and revise market feasibility studies with concrete

recommendations for action.

 Perform fieldwork to assess the demographics as well as the supply and demand of different development asset

categories in different markets.

 Project potential sales a retail project has the ability to capture and determine the optimal size it should be based on

these projections.

 Formulate development strategies for clients that ensure the best possible return on investment (ROI).

 Deliver effective presentations in English and Spanish, with conclusions and recommendations of feasibility studies.

Open Schools of Languages/Astex Linguistic Services

Madrid, Spain

English Teacher

October 1993 - December 2001

 Taught employees of various companies the skills needed to communicate effectively in business situations in an

English-speaking context.

 Devised short-term and long-term study plans for each group based on their specific English-learning needs.

 Obtained excellent results demonstrated by increases in test scores and improvements in students' fluency.

 Developed and implemented standardized curriculum for incoming and continuing students.

 Presented demonstration classes to potential clients leading to an increase in enrollment.

 Conducted training sessions for new English teachers and assisted in hiring process.

EDUCATION

Diplomatic School of Spain Post Graduate Course, International Relations

Madrid, Spain June 1996

University of California, San Diego Bachelor of Arts, Political Science

La Jolla, CA June 1992

ADDITIONAL

Language:

Completely bilingual in both oral and written Spanish, with some knowledge of French.

Computer:

Microsoft Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.

Public Organizations: Past member of Toastmasters International. Past member of the International Council of

Shopping Centers. AYSO head coach and referee for past three years.

International Experience: Lived in Santiago, Chile one year; lived in Madrid, Spain nine years; and traveled

extensively throughout Mexico, Central America (El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua), and

Europe.

