MA TT KO

22798 Mesa Way Lake Forest, CA 92630
(831) 332-0064 ttomak@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Customer support manager and individual contributor with 10 years in the computer software industry and with experience in reporting on and analyzing of customer contact activity. Additional duties include CRM administration, QA testing, web development, and some IT.

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SANTA CRUZ Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics

Santa Cruz, CA June 2006

EXPERIENCE

SMITH MICRO SOFTWARE, INC Technical Support Manager

Aliso Viejo, CA December 2007 - November 2016

 Published monthly and ad hoc service reports to executives, complete with data analysis.  Utilized analytics to determine problem sources, which led to reducing refunds by 20% and
improving customer satisfaction ratings by 10% over the period as supervisor and manager.  Copyedited marketing material to ensure accuracy and clarify nebulous descriptions.  Developed and implemented CRM customizations to increase efficiency and effectiveness
of technicians, leading to improvements in metrics and in technician happiness.  Continuously improved the customer portal, including interaction interfaces and the
knowledge base/FAQ articles, to ease customer experience and technician workload.  Provided helpdesk support via phone, live chat, support tickets, email, and social media.  Conducted user training over phone, web conference, in classrooms, and at trade shows.  Daily monitoring of technicians to ensure SOP and department goals were being met.  Handled escalations of emotional customers to reach mutually-beneficial resolutions.  Wrote and maintained the department handbook on standard operating procedures.  Hired, trained, mentored, and conducted performance evaluations on employees.  Liaison to executives, product management, engineering, QA, IT, sales, marketing, PR, and
shipping to ensure quality, proactively prevent issues, and maintain company awareness.  Stayed in the trenches; as manager, continued to provide all levels of support directly.

Additional Experience & Proficiencies: volunteer math tutor, computer lab maintenance, HTML, Cerberus Help Desk, Oracle RightNow CRM, Salesforce Desk CRM, SAP ERP, Microsoft Office, Mantis Bug Tracker, VMWare Fusion, Windows, Mac OSX, iOS, some SQL.

