LUKE LEE
1554 Mitchell Avenue, Tustin, CA 92780  (714) 321-9404  lukesihoonlee@gmail.com  U.S. Citizen; Open to relocation
Core Competencies and Technical Skills
Core Competencies  Business Development  Digital Marketing  Media Buys  Project Management  Business Analysis  Marketing Strategies  Email Marketing  Market Research  CRM/CMS  PPC/SEM  Direct Response Marketing  Vendor and Client Management  Retargeting  AB Testing  Affiliate Marketing / JV  Contract Negotiations  Product Development  Procurement  B2C/B2B Sales  Marketing Analysis  Cost Analysis  Business Data Analysis  Technical Analysis  Supply Chain and Operations Analysis  General Reporting  Technical Presentation  Radio Media  Supply Chain  Logistics  Day-to-Day Operations  Accounting Consolidation  Systems Engineering  Bi-lingual (Native Proficiency in English, Korean)
Software / Platforms  MS Excel (VLOOKUP, Pivot Tables, Advanced formulas)  Google Analytics (Certified)  Google AdWords / Bing Ads  InfusionSoft  MS Word  MS Outlook  MS PowerPoint  MATLAB  SAP BW  SAP RPA  Pro-E  STATA  AutoCAD  Google Webmaster Tools  SalesForce  Adobe Illustrator  Adobe Photoshop  WordPress  ClickFunnel  Basic HTML

Experience

Turn-Key Systems, Inc.

San Diego, CA

May 2015 to Feb. 2017

Senior Marketing Manager  Spearheaded the fastest growth of both gross revenue and net revenue in the seven-figures, with consistent 600%++ ROI on seven-figure marketing budget, mainly through online media buys (email marketing, banner ads, PPC/CPC, paid social media marketing). Increased the efficiency by marketing spend by 200%.  Responsible for all media buys, negotiations, P&L, hiring marketing talents, consolidation and systemization of marketing efforts, marketing strategies through detailed market/SWOT research.  Performed AB and multivariate tests involving various tests, such as price point and messaging; sent, tracked, and analyzed over 500 million CAN-SPAN compliant emails which included automated drip and nurture campaigns based on individual stage of sales cycle, regularly scheduled emails, and sponsorship emails.  Architected numerous advanced reporting for both marketing and accounting purposes, including revenue stream, granular customer lifetime value, and automated media buy reports; instilled the culture of emphasis of data quality for business decisions/strategies.

eDeal Shark

San Diego, CA

May 2015 to Present

Owner  Currently running a completely automated ecommerce business specializing in mobile accessories with presence in United States and South Korea; gross revenue of $20,000+ per each year.

Franklin Wireless / iloome

San Diego, CA

Oct. 2012 to April 2015

Associate Project Manager / Business Development Specialist  Supervised the entire marketing division of iloome, an online B2C retail store for accessories for mobile devices, increasing revenue from $0 to over $200,000/month with total marketing budget of $7,000 over 2 years.  Managed the multiple aspects of the accessory division, including, but not limited to: public relations, customer relations, operations, supply chain, logistics, procurement, business data analysis, and product development.  Identified business opportunities and launching products with pricing, marketing, and promotional initiatives.  Developed B2B glass manufacturing business in collaboration with current and potential suppliers, distributors, customers, and manufacturers; assisting with product development by identifying market opportunities.  Headed the development of advanced LTE single-mode wireless communications module and device that involved dealing with 3rd party vendors' decision makers and engineers.  Performed high-level technical patent analysis and assisted in patent applications for concept designs for wireless communication devices; applied and registered two trademarks with the United States Patents and Trademarks Office.

Sony Electronics

San Diego, CA

June 2012 to Oct. 2012

Supply Chain Analyst (Contract)  Analyzed and generated reports on inventory data in regards to weeks of supply, point of sales, and other vital variables throughout various channels of sales, including, but not limited to: Best Buy, Costco, Wal-Mart, and Sears.  Created new types of reports in regards to supply chain, such as week-to-week comparisons and promotional calendar, while also maintaining weeks of supply reports by stores and SKU for commit partner vendors.

Education

University of California, San Diego (UCSD)

Sept. 2006 to June 2011

Aerospace Engineering, B.S.

Economics, B.A.

Emphasis: Numerical Computation & Analysis, Demographics Analysis & Forecasting, Economic & Business Forecasting, Aerospace Structural Mechanics, Dynamics & Control of Aerospace Vehicles, Computer-Aided Design

