Raisa Mahbub
17632 Robusta Drive  Riverside, California 92503 909.702.6815  raisamahbub17@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics, Concentration in Statistics University of California, Riverside, California
Six Sigma Green Belt Certification in process
COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Excel and Access, data mining, statistical modeling, regression analysis, design and implementation of new forecasting software, Agile, ERP and MRP tools, Logility, SQL, Tableau, R,
SAS, Minitab, Cognos, Oracle EBS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Niagara Bottling, LLC.  Ontario, California  12/2015 to Present Forecast Analyst
 Implemented forecasting software, Logility. Project manager for continuous improvement projects and troubleshooting forecast software.
 Improved company's sales forecast by an overall 4.2% MAPE. Forecast output used for strategic planning, financial budgeting, procurement and transportation.
 Create/revise statistical algorithms for company's projections.  Researched and implemented weather trends into statistical models that highly improved
forecasting for seasonal products.  Conducted statistical research to find correlations between quantitative factors behind sales
trends to use during forecasting processes.  Introduced a new method of forecast accuracy metrics now used as the primary metric to
measure forecast improvement.  Collaborate with customers directly to create customized forecast outputs. Personally worked
with customers such as Pepsi, Wal-Mart, Costco, etc.
BP Industries, Inc.  Ontario, California  3/2014 to 12/2015 Inventory Analyst
 Analyzed and determined historical sales and marketing data.  Identified and created model stocks within the company as a new process.  Collaborated with software engineers to create and implement a new customized ERP
system.  Performed cost benefit analysis presentations.  Interpreted data into daily six-month product plan.  Supervised Import Coordinator to ensure timely deliveries.  Identified process problems and implement new and improved policies and processes.  Communicated special needs with sales team for forecast updates.  Obtained and organized custom clearance documentations for import shipments.
Resume

Multi Sales, Inc.  Anaheim, California  12/2013 to 3/2014 Purchasing Analyst
 Audited, reconciled and improved inventory control system integrity.  Reviewed and processed supplier competencies and analyzed market trends to redirect
business accordingly.  Performed and conducted analysis to anticipate and resolve potential problems.  Prepared and placed orders from distribution centers and outside vendors.  Worked effectively with vendors to expedite shipments and resolve shipping issues.
Resume

