David A. Maiman
Costa Mesa, CA 92627  (650) 430.6592  dmaiman@uci.edu  www.linkedin.com/in/davidamaiman

SUMMARY
Strategy/Operations Analyst and MBA with strong organizational and communication skills with ability to convert data analysis into actionable strategies. Background in strategy, operations, and project management with experience managing divisions and cross functional teams. Experience in both the wholesale and retail sides of the apparel industry. Versed in ERP and Product Line Management (PLM) systems.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ST. JOHN KNITS INTERNATIONAL INC., Irvine, CA

03/2017 ­ 05/2017

Upscale American fashion brand specializing in women's knitwear with wholesale and retail channels.

Corporate Strategy Intern Worked directly with CFO to assess competitor landscape and establish benchmarks to capture and track margin, product mix, and price points of competitors.
 Advised adjustments based on competitor benchmarks for three-year company financial plan.  Modeled pro forma for retail store relocation to evaluate different ROI and payback scenarios.

EDISON ENERGY, LLC, Irvine, CA

06/2016 ­ 03/2017

Energy advisory company offering a wide range of energy services for the largest commercial, industrial and

institutional energy users.

MBA Analyst, Intern Led team of undergraduate interns on projects assigned by c-suite executives for a competitive energy firm. Performed competitive and industry segmentation analyses used to determine market positioning.
 Researched offerings, capabilities and financial performance of top competitors as part of a strategic refresh project. Identified potential clients by analyzing energy spend of Fortune 1000 companies.
 Educated c-suite executives on market structures, valuation of resources and rate designs of emerging energy regulatory initiatives in New York and California, which have an anticipated impact on 2025% of future projects.

STONY APPAREL CORP., Los Angeles, CA

08/2008 ­ 08/2015

$100M+ apparel wholesaler that designs, produces, and distributes private label clothing to major department

stores as well as specialty retailers.

Special Project Manager (08/2014 ­ 08/2015) Oversaw cross-functional projects and co-managed division with $5M in first-year sales. Integrated this division with company processes by instituting costing, development, and pre-production procedures.
 Analyzed logistics chargebacks and operational expense data as part of a lean manufacturing survey intended to reduce cost per order shipped as well as increase accuracy of order fulfillment.
 Reduced the average sample cost by 93% by enacting an offshore program to produce marketing samples resulting in an overall cost savings of over $10K/year.

Sales Assistant/Account Manager (09/2012 ­ 08/2014) Formulated costing and pricing strategies that maximized profitability on larger orders. Performed market analysis to recognize areas of growth and improvement within key accounts.
 Analyzed inventory and sales reports to track product performance and assess growth opportunities.  Managed end-to-end order processes to improve order execution by reducing pre-production lead
times and working with customer to source best options.  Performed cost breakdown analysis that reduced costs on large orders by over 5% translating to over
$200K in annual cost-savings.

Chargeback & Compliance Analyst (05/2009 ­ 09/2012) Reduced overall chargeback dilution by 25 basis points equating to over $500K in savings over a three year period by identifying deficiencies within the supply chain and implementing operational procedures.
 Gathered, aggregated, and analyzed expense offset data to provide Senior Management with better understanding of supply chain and logistics operations.

David Maiman

Page 2

EDUCATION
University of California, Irvine, The Paul Merage School of Business, Irvine, CA Master of Business Administration
 Faculty and Kennedy Fellowship Recipient  Co-President ­ Challenge for Charity (C4C)  VP of Finance ­ Merage Entrepreneurial Club  2016 Southern California ACG Cup participant  Bay Area Trek Leader: Led group of 10 MBA classmates on The North Face site visit
California State University Long Beach, Long Beach, CA Bachelor of Arts, Economics

06/2017 05/2009

SKILLS
 Advanced: Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook  Basic Knowledge: Access, MS SQL Server

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS  The Executive Committee (TEC) On-Campus Program participant

CERTIFICATIONS
 Bloomberg Market Concepts  MBA Certificate in Digital Transformation (issued by UCI's Center for Digital Transformation)
VOLUNTEER WORK
 Special Olympics of Southern California  Junior Achievement Orange County  Habitat for Humanity Orange County

