Vidyavisal Mangipudi
vm2421@columbia.edu (518) 618-5060

EDUCATION

Columbia University New York, NY

M.S. in Mechanical Engineering

Graduated: February

2016 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI), Troy NY B.S. in Mechanical Engineering 2013

Graduated: May

COMPETENCIES & CAPABILITIES

 R, Python, OBIEE, Tableau, Matlab, C++, SQL, PL-SQL, Microsoft Office, ROS  Competencies currently under development: Machine Learning, Supervised/Unsupervised Learning, Data Mining,
Big Data, Map Reduce, Collaborative Filtering  Highly driven and motivated to deliver above par results with a vociferous curiosity and desire to learn.

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

Sourcemantra Inc.

Mahwah, New Jersey

Business Analyst

at UPS

March 2016 -

Present

 Led the effort and learned different BI tools to build dimensional data models, key subject areas, dimensions,

hierarchies, attributes and measures for financial, supply chain and HR reports in Power BI, OBIEE and OBIA.

 Worked with several Senior level managers in different global teams to determine feasibility, correctness of end-

user's requirements and developed functional design documents for reporting and analysis projects.

 Consistently engaging and communicating with development teams, data modelling teams and clients.

 Responsible for delivering the design and development of interactive business operational reports, KPI

dashboards, and automated agents more than a month in advance.

Karetech Medical Devices

New York, New

York

Design Engineer, iHP Robotic Bariatric Bed

April 2015­ February

2016

 Designed the first and second iterations of the functional prototype that went into production.

 Effectively coordinated with vendors and investors to build relationships and secure contracts for equipment

required.

 Performed extensive cost analysis and material optimization to reduce cost of POC and prototyping by 40%.

 Was the point man for the CEO and helped secure a $1 Million investment for early stage development.

Predictive Analytics of the Global Terrorism Database

, Columbia University

New York,

New York

Student Research at The Data Science Institute, Columbia University

January 2015­ May

2015

 Performed Exploratory Data Analysis and Data Cleaning on the Global Terrorism Database and implemented

regression and classification techniques to determine most relevant features in a huge data set.

 Developed Logistic regression for binary classifiers and achieved a 96% accuracy in the confusion matrix

(AUC=0.87)

Openstream Inc.

Somerset, New

Jersey

Technical Associate

June 2013­ July

2014

 Led a team of 3 for the Development of a medical assistant which resulted in a published paper in the ICMI

journal.

 Performed market analysis and built use-cases and a profile around the product for the product development team.

The CME Group

Chicago,

Illinois

Trading and Business Systems Intern

June ­ August

2012

 Worked with traders and BAs to automate business logic with match engine development divisions.  Gained knowledge in the Commodities Futures and Options trading and comfortable reading financial documents.

OTHER EXPERIENCE

Baxter Robot Motion Planning

, Columbia University

New York,

New York

Student Research Project

August 2014­

May 2015

 Performed motion planning and trajectory execution to avoid obstacles on the Baxter robot and reach the

destination.

 Successfully implemented multiple algorithms which resulted in the robotic arm reaching the goal in the fastest

time.

Resident Director and Resident Assistant, RPI

Troy, New

York

 Supervised six RAs and accountable for 225 residents while managing a $3500 budget. August 2011- May

2013

Advanced Manufacturing Lab Project, RPI

Troy, New

York

Project Manager

August 2012 -

May 2013

 Gained leadership knowledge and experience while being responsible for personnel management, project plans

and schedule, coordinating with third party vendors and making final decisions with a $3,000 budget.

