MATTHEW R. McGWIRE
Garden Grove, CA 92845 Mobile: (949) 241-5315  E-mail: mcgwire.matt@gmail.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
A combination of formal education, specialized training and practical experience has resulted in excellent qualifications relating to DATA ANALYTICS. Command excellent organizational and time management skills. Interface well with customers, staff and management with the ability to ensure high quality results and customer satisfaction. Communicate clearly and interact effectively with others of all cultural backgrounds and organizational levels. Work well independently or as part of a cooperative team effort. Key Strengths Include:
 Experienced in setting-up processes to successfully track/monitor large data sets.
 Utilize multiple data sources to accurately compile analysis for reporting.
 Provide clear analysis of data and trends to assist clients/management in decision making.
 Extensive educational background in statistical analysis and programming.
 Combine outstanding researching capabilities with well-developed data interpretation talents.
 Work well under stress or time constraints, maintaining focus on specific goals and assignments.
 Flexible and adaptable; capable of mastering new methods and technologies.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

OCEAN MEDIA, INC. - HUNTINGTON BEACH, CA (2014 TO PRESENT)
JUNIOR MEDIA ANALYST Collaborate with the Manager of Data Analytics in maintaining databases on a daily, weekly and monthly basis to track performance for clients for this media planning/buying agency serving Fortune 500 clients. Utilize database tables and design queries to migrate data and manipulate multiple databases for further analysis.
Conduct quantitative and statistical analysis of media campaign performance. Run minutelevel website traffic data through attribution software to obtain results and determine TV success of campaign performance on a daily and/or weekly basis. (2015 to Present)
 Analyze clients' historical sales and marketing data for trends and anomalies in performance, and interpret findings.
 Prepare and develop presentations for internal and client focus meetings.  Implement pixels on clients' websites for tracking campaign performance.
 Special Project: Conducted regression modeling of historical data to predict/forecast the positive influences of TV advertising for each client. Receive database, and run variables/correlation using SPSS. Review KPI's.

DIGITAL TRAFFIC COORDINATOR Coordinated and delivered ad specs to the Creative Team. Developed and created ad trafficking HTML tags to websites such as Priceline, Overstock, Kabam, eHarmony and Angie's List. Implemented tracking pixels to assist the Analytics Department. Pulled and formatted weekly tracking reports for analysis. (2014 to 2015)

 Successfully managed timelines to meet critical traffic deadlines.

Continued . . .

MATTHEW R. McGWIRE

Page 2

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Continued)

SEO SPECIALIST  Enlarge Media Group - Huntington Beach, CA Assisted clients with using SEO to optimize their on-line marketing reach. Wrote month-end reports and visibility reports for clients, outlining keyword research analysis. (2012 to 2013)
 Personally managed clients' website and eCommerce sales, using Yahoo Small Business Cart software.

MARKET RESEARCH ANALYST INTERN  Channel Vision Technology - Costa Mesa, CA Researched market trends for this company that sold home automation equipment for lighting, security cameras and utility systems. Analyzed data on housing developments nationwide to assist sales staff in focusing their efforts. (2012)
 Simplified databases for the Sales Team.

TUTOR  Chapman University - Orange, CA Tutored students in Math Analysis for Business and Pre-Calculus. (2012)
 Utilized strong communication talents to enable students to master difficult mathematical concepts.

INTERN  Enlarge Media Group - Huntington Beach, CA Learned the process of Search Engine Optimization by keyword research, using Google AdWords and backlinks. Read page-rank tools and determined "do follow" and "no follow" websites. (2012)
 Developed expertise in using Google Analytics to analyze complex statistics.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE  Marina Auto Body - Los Angeles, CA Helped customers with vehicle check and delivery. Served as first point of contact for customers and insurance clients. (2006 to 2010)
 Promoted from shop maintenance and detail department.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

B.S. Degree/Computer Science  Oregon State University (2014) B.A. Degree/Economics  Chapman University - Orange, CA (2013) Completed Special Projects Involving Web Development With Embedded Databases

General Education: University of Southern California  Golden West College  University of the Pacific

Software Expertise Includes: Windows  Apple/Mac  Linux  Word  Excel  PowerPoint  CSS  C  C++
AJAX  PHP  JavaScript  SQL  MYSQL  MASM  HTML  SPSS Internet Marketing & SEO  Google AdWords
Google DoubleClick Campaign Manager (DCM) & DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM)

REFERENCES: Available upon Request

OPEN TO TRAVEL/RELOCATION

