Linh Ngo

Contact Information
PHONE (817) 271-6198

E-MAIL Lnngo88@gmail.com

WEBSITE LINKEDIN.COM/IN/LINHNGO

Education
Master of Science in Marketing Research, University of Texas, Arlington, TX Master of Business Administration (M.B.A), University of Texas, Arlington, TX Bachelor of Arts in International Studies, University of North Texas, Denton, TX

12/2016 12/2016 05/2010

VIZIO ­ Market Insights Analyst Intern

05/2017 ­ Present

w Collect, organize, maintain, and utilize market intelligence database and consolidate information into actionable items, reports, and presentations to drive business for sales and marketing teams.
w Perform ad-hoc and regular analysis of product movement/POS performance to provide directions to sales and business planning teams regarding products, pricing, and market.
w In charge of weekly, monthly, and quarterly TV Industry reports.

Decision Analyst, Inc. ­ Client Service Assistant

07/2015 ­ 12/2016

w Collaborated with senior vice president and account executive on designing custom market research projects, data analysis and interpretation, recommendation development, and delivery of report.
w Accompanied team leader to client meetings and handled meeting agenda and project outlines. w Maintained client service and business development efforts across all team accounts.

RTI International ­ Research Coordinator

03/2013 ­ 05/2015

w Managed and monitored the Hope Probation with Enforcement -- Demonstration Field Evaluation; a multisite program evaluation commissioned by the U.S Department of Justice.
w Recruited and administered all interviews with study participants through multiple recruitment methods. w Oversaw data collection; handled sensitive documents; and conducted court observations. w Liaised with local staff to ensure study objectives and International Review Board protocols were met.

Relevant Projects

Métiers HS, Product Development Project

01/2016 ­ 05/2016

w Provided a local startup company with market research services to assess market needs. w Designed and conducted qualitative research to elicit consumer insights and generate marketing ideas, followed
by a quantitative survey to verify feedback. w Assessed the competitive environment and pricing strategy, forecasted sales volumes, and provided
recommendations for marketing strategies, as well as steps to be taken before product launch.

2016 Presidential Election, Web & Social Analytics Project

09/2015 ­ 12/2015

w Designed research by using social media data to predict the potential winner of the 2016 presidential election. w Utilized various sources to scrape and collect data. w Conducted analysis using Google Trends to gauge public interest over time; Twitter for social listening and
sentiment analysis; polling data sources for votes; web metrics to analyze each candidate's online presence through web traffic, unique visitor, unique referral sources, monthly visits, etc.

Skills
Computer: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PC & Mac platforms, Qualtrics; familiar with SPSS/SAS, Python, RStudio, Watson Analytics, Tableau
Research: Qualitative and quantitative research; interview guide and questionnaire development; statistical analysis; analytical skills; and write report
Strengths: Connectedness, Adaptability, Activator, Maximizer, and Developer--from StrengthsFinder test

