Matthew Kim Nguyen
20 Palatine, Irvine, CA 92612 · (818) 987-8916 · NguyenMatt27@gmail.com

EDUCATION

University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business

Los Angeles, CA

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration

May 2016

GPA: 3.64

Honors: Dean's List

Relevant Coursework: Data Analysis for Decision Making, Applied Business Statistics, Financial Analysis &

Valuation, Investments, Accounting, Trading & Exchanges, Business Communications, Economics, Tax Issues

EXPERIENCE

FMV Opinions, Inc.

Irvine, CA

Research Analyst

Jun 2016 ­ Mar 2017

· Collaborated with vice presidents, managers, and associates to complete estate and gift tax valuations,

ESOPs, and fairness opinions for a wide variety of companies across various industries.

· Compiled and analyzed research from CapitalIQ, BizComps, Pratt's Stats, SEC Filings, and IBISWorld to complete valuations utilizing the Market, Income, and Cost (Asset) Approaches.

· Constructed complex financial models to examine financial statements, ratios, multiples, and projections.

· Analyzed and applied appropriate minority interest discounts, marketability discounts, voting rights discounts, and control premiums.

· Composed detailed technical reports, presentations, and exhibits used by managing directors and owners to

convey final conclusions of value for privately held entities.

· Trained and introduced interns to financial analysis and valuation. USC: Trading and Exchanges

Los Angeles, CA

Teacher Assistant

Jan 2016 - May 2016

· Helped students understand difficult concepts relating to market microstructure.

· Assisted professor Larry Harris in grading and administrative tasks.

Guild Investment Management, Inc.

Los Angeles, CA

Intern

Winter 2015

· Studied Guild Investment's unique and active investment strategy ­ concentrating on macroeconomic and

sociopolitical trends and changes as a primary driver for its investment positions.

· Assisted the portfolio management team with their study on the online banking industry. Compared new

entrants to established legacy banks offering online banking services.

· Assisted Executive Vice President in implementing a program to reduce operational costs of file and media archives. Total reduction and cost savings was 20 percent per annum.

· Played a role in the settlement of trades.

LEADERSHIP

St. John Eudes: Life Teen

Fall 2011-Present

Peer Minister/Adult Leader

· Assist in the implementation of the weekly young-adult mass by assuring all tasks are filled.

· Plan and run the annual weekend retreats for the confirmation students.

· Assisted in organizing and coordinating monthly confirmation nights where I discussed and counseled high

school students in life and faith.

INVOLVEMENT

Career Advantage Program: Mentor ­ Bill Block

Sept 2014-Present

· Networked with entrepreneurs and professionals in different careers such as private equity, investment

management, and human resources.

Trojan Investment Society

Sept 2014-Sept 2015

· Networked with professionals and students breaking into finance.

SKILLS & INTERESTS

Computer Skills: Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Adobe Photoshop, Motion, and Apple Final Cut Pro. Basic SQL,

HTML, and CSS.

Interests: Trojan Athletics, weight lifting, traveling, volleyball, piano.

