CONTACTS
(949) 558-9268
Snguyen232@csu.fullerton.edu
1305 E. Walnut Avenue, Orange, CA 92867
CORE COMPETENCIES
PROFESSIONAL
 Wide experience managing all aspects of a business operation ranging from financial, operational, etc.
 Advanced understanding of all fullservice restaurant operations
 Strong skills in P&L reports and budgets
 Proficient in Microsoft Suite and Adobe Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator).
 Experienced with using relevant software programs to track deliveries; ensuring that quality control guidelines are enforced.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
 Relationship building  Complaint procedures  Positive language  Telephone techniques  Effective questioning  Managing objections  Customer satisfaction
PERSONAL SKILLS
 Innovative analytical skills  Interpersonal/Personal
Communication skills  Dependability  Process Improvement  Highly Inquisitive
REFERENCES
Available upon request

SEAN NGUYEN
Digital Marketing | Business Development Expert | C-Level Relations | Sales Management Offering a proven track record in devising sales and marketing strategies that have crystallized brands from
relative obscurity

PRWOHFIOLEI SAUMMMARY
 Senior entrepreneurial executive with 2 years of extensive experience in strategic business development, digital marketing, sales management and team development.
 Possess a significant record of innovative success for well-defined marketing and product management with the capacity to identify and align customers' emerging needs with products and services.
 Combine lead-by-example management with intuitive sales strategies to maximize efforts and boost profits. Consistently stay ahead of the competition by keeping current on industry standards and market factors that successfully translate company value to clients.

ARAERAES OAFSEOXFPEERXTPISEERTISE

· Business Development · Operational Planning · Presentation · Sales Territory Management · Team Design and Development

· Account Management · Marketing Strategy

· SEO/SEM

· Financial Management

· Competitive Analysis · Social Media

· P/L Management

· Clients' Relation

· Negotiation

· B2B & B2C

PRPORFOESFSEIOSNSIAOLNEXAPLEREIXEPNECERIENCE

Umami Burger ­ Costa Mesa Supervisor

Sept. 2016 ­ Mar. 2017

 Controlled profit & loss, by following cash control/security procedures, maintaining inventory, managing labor, reviewing financial reports, and taking appropriate actions.
 Managed labor and supply costs to work within budgets ­ eliminating 25% of excess cost.

 Improved customer satisfaction from directing and coordinating operations with over 30 employees while making sure food quality and customer satisfaction was optimal.
 Planned, developed and executed marketing creative and initiatives for promotions and various in-restaurant marketing initiatives.

Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ

Feb. 2015 ­ Apr. 2016

Shift Manager (Tustin, Cerritos, San Diego)

 Consulted with corporate supervisors to implement new marketing campaigns and brand

tactics.

 Created new inventory management process to procure meats, produce, and

miscellaneous restaurant items; decreasing food waste.

 Communicated goals and performance standards to employees, achieving close to 100%

satisfaction.

 Maintained safe, secure, and healthy environment by following and enforcing safety, food

safety, and sanitation guidelines; comply with all applicable laws.

PRPORJOECFTESSESXIEOCNUATELDEXPERIENCE
Hardkour Ninja Warrior Gym Business Plan
 Created financial projections and assumptions/analyses on Start-up Company's net income in a three year time span.
 Prepared presentation elements in order to present to an investment panel.  Collaborated with multiple team members to coordinate the project while analyzing
market trends, required capital, and operating costs to formulate a business plan.

The Well Fitness Gym Consultation
 Analyzed gym's financial statements, client database and accounting issues.  Created quality deliverables and business goals that meets and exceeds client's needs.
Presented findings and recommendations with a timeline and cost of implementation.  Implemented a profit and loss statement spreadsheet in Excel for owner to use monthly.

Crema Café ­ Artisan Bakery Consultation
 Constructed customer and staff surveys, eliminating gaps in quality and customer service.  Created quality and effective deliverables to client in order to optimize on results.  Revised employee handbook resulting in a stronger foundation for new and current
employees.

Connected Women of Influence Consultation
 Utilized a 3 year forecast on office expansion, establishing professional networking all over the United States.
 Produced a tiered membership system, resulting in a large increase of revenue.

EDPURCOATFIEOSNSHIOISNTAORLYEXPERIENCE

 California State University, Fullerton

Dec. 2015

Bachelor of Arts, Business Administration ­ Entrepreneurship Concentration

