Dharmil Patel
Dharmilnp@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/dharmil-patel-53822155

Management Professional
(510)862-2977

Motivated and results-focused management professional with more than 7 years of experience in multiple roles within a highprofile organization. Possess a combination of management, team leadership, and customer engagement skills. Demonstrated ability to initiate positive high-impacting results through continuous improvement efforts. Adept in problem resolution and repeated success enhancing customer satisfaction ratings. Technically proficient in Microsoft Office and SAAS programs.

Areas of Expertise include:

 Customer Relations  Vendor/Supplier Management  Store Management  Revenue Growth  Health & Safety

 Leadership & Development  Training & Facilitation  Marketing Strategies  Conflict Resolution  Loss Prevention

Professional Experience
LensCrafters · January 2017 to Present General Store & Market Manager Leads marketing efforts to drive branding in the community and build customer base.
Key Accomplishments:  Enhance revenue flow by 20% mid-year through the execution of aggressive marketing strategies.  Drive continuous quality and improvement initiatives to enhance marketability and client base resulting in an increase in patient flow from 75 to 110 per week and patient retention by 20%.  Lead a team in proper execution of customer engagement strategies to improve satisfaction ratings and retention.  Build a dynamic team through strategic recruiting and orientation efforts and optimizing resources to maintain proper staffing levels in alignment with business objectives.  Ensure compliance to safety and regulatory standards.
Wal-Mart · April 2015 to January 2017 Assistant Store Manager Manage the day-to-day operational activity of a Tire, Lube, and Express Shop as well as Food, driving performance resulting in a ranking of number one in the region.
Key Accomplishments:  Planned and executed strategies resulting in the increase in month-over-month sales by 4% or $3,000.  Introduced continuous improvement plans focused on customer retention, efficiency, and quality of service delivery achieving a 103% customer rating. Showing a jump from 97%.  Enforced safety and regulatory compliance in accordance with OSHA, EcoLab, and other regulating authorities.
Wal-Mart ·July 2014 to April 2015 Pharmacy Department Manager Led staff in the fulfillment of orders, inventory management, and customer interaction of a busy in-store pharmacy.
Key Accomplishments:  Cultivated critical vendor/supplier relationships ensure quality products and timely delivery.

Dharmil Patel
 Facilitated training for employees resulting in comprehensive practices and timely graduation.  Increased revenue by 43% through strategic marketing and promotional sales.
Wal-Mart · October 2013 to July 2014 Loss Prevention/Asset Protection Observed activity of the store looking for suspicious activity and prevent loss of merchandise through intervention.
Key Accomplishments:  Drove shrinkage down from $110K to $40K.  Prevented store loss valued at $50K per month.  Established and maintained positive relationships with local police department for timely and proficient response to incidents.
Wal-Mart · August 2011 to October 2013 Customer Service Desk Provided exceptional customer service in handling customer complaints, returns, and auxiliary services.
Key Accomplishments:  Recipient of the Employee of the Month consistently for the consistent creation of positive customer experiences.  De-escalated angry or upset customers through listening to their needs and addressing their issues.  Interpreted store policy for customers in situations of returns and processes.
Wal-Mart · July 2010 to August 2011 Cashier Served as a transaction function helping customers complete their shopping experience.
Key Accomplishments:  Utilized computerized equipment to conduct product look-up, ring up transactions, and process multiple form of payments.  Aided on the sales floor as needed to organize merchandise.  Maintained a clean and organized workspace while driving customer satisfaction with every interaction.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Biology, 2015 California State University · Hayward, CA
Bachelor of Arts in Biochemistry, 2015 California State University · Hayward, CA
2 | Page

Dharmil Patel
Professional & Community Involvement V.P. and Public Relations Officer of Alpha Phi Omega Club National Service Fraternity
Founder and President of Pharmacy Association January 2012 ­ December 2013
3 | Page

