EDUCATION

Sanket Pathak
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pathaksanket/
1702 W 24th St  Los Angeles, CA 90018  (323) 416-7914  sanketpathak5@gmail.com

University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business

Los Angeles, CA

Master of Business Administration

May 2015

 Honors: Merit based half-tuition fellowship; GMAT 760

 Leadership: Operations Director, Marshall Wear; VP of General Management, Toastmasters Marshall

 Certification: Financial Modeling, Training The Street; Bloomberg Essentials, Bloomberg

 Case Competition: Finalist, MIT/HBS Sales Pitch Competition; GE Case Competition; Deloitte Case Competition

 Project: Selected out of 50 candidates for an operations consulting project in a team of 6 in Los Angeles and Israel

University of Pune Bachelor of Engineering, Production; GPA- 8.6/10

Pune, India June 2009

EXPERIENCE

Lanair Group LLC

Los Angeles, CA

Marketing Rep

Aug. 2016 ­ Present

Led the initiative to strategize and implement marketing initiatives at LANAIR; laid the foundation for future marketing

efforts.

 Brainstormed marketing campaigns to generate more leads; planned and organized more than 10 lunch seminars,

outdoor events that resulted in approximately 100 new leads per event.

 Measured ROI on events, tracked and fine-tuned performance using data analytics which resulted in the ROI

increasing by almost 100% over the last 1 year.

 Worked with graphic designer to generate marketing material such as flyers, emails, brochures, handouts, etc.

 Managed the almost 100k leads and over 600 customers' info in the legacy CRM system.

 Analyzed information such as past customer spend, annual revenue, employee count, geographic location to

develop profiles for each service line and tailored each marketing event according to one target demographic.

Lanair Group LLC

Los Angeles, CA

IT Consultant

Nov. 2015 ­ Aug. 2016

Consulted on projects in the datacenter refresh, virtualization, security and networking technology field.

 Worked with more than 10 clients to understand their requirements and helped the Principal Architect design the

technical architecture for software and hardware solutions.

 Created more than 50 client quotes for products and services in more than 5 different service lines.

 Liaised with vendors and partners such as Dell, VMWare, Veeam, etc. to obtain required software and hardware in

timely manner and at partner prices.

Center for Global Supply Chain Management, USC Marshall School of Business

Los Angeles, CA

Supply Chain Consultant

June 2014 ­ Aug. 2014

Led 10-member project team of senior-level executives to develop the worldwide supply chain infrastructure for a

multinational restaurant company to support aggressive international expansion, from current store base of 280 to over

1500 stores, within the next 10 years.

 Developed network optimization models to address client needs, which resulted in a robust, efficient and optimized

network design; enabled the determination of source markets based on total landed cost, regulatory restrictions and

lead time.

 Created detailed country profiles to assist the client in determining feasibility of go-to-market strategy; presented

findings to senior level executives which resulted in a must-go target country list for the client.

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.

Calcutta, India

ERP Consultant

Mar. 2011 ­ July 2013

Co-led a team of 7 systems engineers, providing consulting and development in CRM applications for a global financial

services company having current revenues of $5 billion.

 Developed strategies for integrating CRM On-Demand with external database system, thus successfully updating

legacy system to latest technology. This resulted in improved customer relations for the client.

 Collaborated with client and cross-functional teams to identify functional requirements and develop test scenarios, which reduced human error by 30% and increased system efficiency by 30%.
 Analyzed over 150 pending issues in the CRM application; resolved over 70% within a week thus improving system efficiency by over 50%. Received special recognition from client acknowledging team's effort.

TAL Manufacturing Solutions Ltd. (part of Tata Motors)

Pune, India

Project Management Engineer

Apr. 2010 ­ Feb. 2011

Spearheaded entire project from conception to final commissioning, leading a team of 6 engineers, for a Fortune 500

automobile company.

 Delivered each phase of the international paintbooth project within the required time frame, budget and defined

parameters, 100% of the time.

 Re-engineered the material requisition and dispatch process, reducing total activity time by 30%.

 Analyzed entire project operation plan to identify potential problems, such as delays in material purchase; developed

mitigation strategies, leading to 40% time saving and 30% increased efficiency.

 Audited the incoming material reports to calculate value incurred each month and predict future incurrence flow.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 Computer: SAS, R, MS Projects, C, C++, Java, PL/SQL, Siebel CRM, CRM On-demand, SAP, advanced Excel  Interests: Traveling (Norway, Israel, Hong Kong, China, Singapore), Swimming, Reading  Languages: Hindi, Marathi, German (basic)

