Samhitha M
(972)-989-7838 samhithareddie@gmail.com; www.linkedin.com/in/samhithareddie

EDUCATION

The University of Texas at Dallas

May 2017

M.S., Information Technology and Management

GPA ­ 3.61

Relevant Coursework: Statistics, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Systems Analysis and Project Management, Data Management,

Data Visualization, Object Oriented Programming, Agile Project Management, Operations Management

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India B.Tech., Instrumentation and Control Engineering

May 2014 GPA ­ 3.65

TECHNICAL SKILLS Analytical Tools:
Languages:
DBMS: Software & Other Tools

SAP Business Objects, Tableau, Qlikview, Spotfire, MS Excel, SAS Enterprise Minor SQL, Java, R (Shiny R, ggplot), SAS/BASE, SAS/STAT, SAS/SQL
MS SQL Server, Oracle 11g, IBM DB2 MS Office Suite

WORK EXPERIENCE

Transaction Risk Analyst

Dec 2014 ­ June 2015

Amazon.com, Inc. · Responsible for tracking fraud activity, which involves gathering and analyzing the data retrieved by tracking irregular patterns in customer's accounts.

· Investigated and analyzed claims of abuse or fraud, while maintaining formal documentation of analysis, findings, and conclusions for internal and external records.

· Worked with various cross functional teams such as department management, risk analytics, risk engineers, other company associates and third parties to accomplish goals.

· Involved in development of high performance software systems and processes that identify and prevent fraudulent transactions

across all Amazon platforms.

Business Analyst

June 2016 ­ Aug 2016

Sigmatrix Software Solutions

· Participated in requirement gathering meetings, understood client's requirements & documented it to business needs

· Analyzed customer data using Regression, segmentation and classification techniques in R to find hidden Patterns in the consumer

behavior

· Utilized Tableau in analyzing and creating visualizations to identify trends and relationships between data and presented this through

dashboards and stories

· Maintained daily, weekly statistical reports in Microsoft Excel (pivots, graphs) on project status and progress for higher management

Technical Instructor

Sep 2016 ­ May 2017

The University of Texas at Dallas- Computer Science Education and Research

· Taught object oriented programming concepts, MIT Scratch and Alice to high school students in Dallas.

· Created and developed mini projects using various GUIs to encourage under graduate students by conducting various coding workshops.
· Organized weekly schedule, performance evaluation and involved in class management

· Assisted the logistics team by helping instructors with equipment and guardians about the camp information

ACADEMIC PROJECTS Business Intelligence and analytics · Measured the effects of concepts such `Favorite Longshot Bias' and `Dispersion effect' on tennis betting, market using modelling
techniques such as regression, logit etc. Data Visualization- Show me the Money - Lahman's Baseball Database

· Defined insights from Lahman's Baseball Database.

· Performed exploratory analysis on the datasets using Tableau 9.2 and discovered various insights into what factors lead to player's
higher salaries, identified positive co relation between player's height and their average salary and also between batter's height and performance. Data Visualization- Kaggle- Airbnb's New User Booking · Utilized Customers demographics and sessions data to predict the country to which the user will make their first booking.

· Performed Data Analysis and munging using SAS, descriptive and diagnostic analysis on the data using Tableau and identified the best classifier.
Data Management-Online Course Registration System

· Designed a Database for UTD Course Registration System by creating Entity Relationship Diagram using MS Visio.

· Used SQL queries for creating and updating tables/ fields, inserting values and retrieving necessary information from the system. · Implemented a real time working model of the online course registration system as an end to end application using MS Access.

LEADERSHIP & STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS

Officer, Intelligence Analytics Society(IAS) Club UT Dallas

2015 ­ 2017

Member, ASCEND Club

2015 ­ 2017

Youth for Better India

2012 ­ 2013

