EDUCATION

Tiffany J. Rhee
5481 Cajon Avenue, Buena Park, CA 90621  (734) 846-2499  tiffany.rhee.2017@marshall.usc.edu

University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business ­ Los Angeles, CA

May 2017

Master of Business Administration

 Membership: Marshall Consulting & Strategy Club; Graduate Marketing Association

 Projects: Future of Artificial Intelligence in Homes, Advertising Effectiveness of Netflix's Snapchat Campaign

 Honors: Dean's Honor List (Summer, 2016)

University of Michigan ­ Ann Arbor, MI Bachelor of Arts, Communication Studies and Psychology

May 2009

EXPERIENCE

ANA Alliance for Family Entertainment (AFE) ­ Los Angeles, CA

2012 ­ 2016

Associate Director, Industry Relations & Strategic Partnerships (2014 ­ 2016)

Generated new business opportunities for a non-profit trade association by establishing industry partnerships to shape the

future of issues such as family programming, accurate representation in advertising, and emerging digital platforms.

 Launched an initiative in collaboration with the Girls' Lounge called #SeeHer at The White House. Developed

presentation for 50+ CMOs and senior marketers to present the business strategy of improving the portrayal of

women and girls in media, with the goal of a 20% measured improvement in advertising by 2020.

 Executed financial models, budgets, and operational spend for the initiative and received $300K additional funding.

 Conducted consumer insight research and in-depth analysis of 35 brands to evaluate business objectives for media

ROI from advertising spend. Customized findings for each client's brands and delivered recommended television

network broadcast, cable, and digital programs, prior to the media negotiation and buying period.

Manager, Business Development & Strategic Partnerships (2012 ­ 2014) Built and fostered relationships with 30+ client companies and industry partners while sourcing new initiatives.
 Created the marketing and sales plan to increase revenue and establish a sustainable, profitable client base; achieved targeted membership increase over $1.5M in revenue and exceeded sales and growth projections by 173%.
 Identified industry and trend leaders and developed partnerships to create educational webinar series for client marketers (an average of 100 participants per webinar); speakers include senior executives from Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Pinterest, and Tumblr.
 Oversaw the design and launch of AFE brand website and collateral branding materials; guided execution of all creative efforts while managing the overall relationship with the digital agency partner.

Association of National Advertisers (ANA) ­ New York, NY

2010 ­ 2012

Associate Manager, Member Relations (2011 ­ 2012)

Drove membership acquisition and retention while partnering with senior executives to deliver valuable membership benefits

and to exceed each client's expectations in ANA products and services.

 Generated $500,000 in new business by effectively tailoring proposals and sales pitch presentations for CPG brands.

Presented member benefits at numerous on-site client locations (approximately 20-80 attendees).

 Oversaw financial reporting for sales and marketing department's $8M annual revenue and managed expenses to

meet $1.4M budget allocation.

Coordinator, Conferences and Forums (2010 ­ 2011) Contributed to the planning and execution of 7 national conferences with 1000 attendees each, including largest advertising industry conference, ANA's Masters of Marketing. Single-handedly organized and conducted 15 regional conferences.
 Collaborated with sales and marketing team to develop conference sponsorships and partnerships, generating approximately $2.7M in contracts with media conglomerates.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 Technical: Advanced Microsoft Excel / PowerPoint, Adobe Creative Suite, SAS, Keynote, WordPress  Volunteer: Challenge for Charity, Junior Achievement (Awarded with Most Donation Raised, Fall 2014)  Interests: Basketball, Golf, Snowboarding, Travel (Cuba, Shanghai, Tokyo)

