RYAN RICHEY
2915 E. Mayfair Ave. Orange, CA 92867 Cell: (714) 345-9388 Email: ryan.richey@sbcglobal.net

EDUCATION
California State University, Long Beach Masters of Business Administration GPA 3.5, Graduation date: May 2015
California State University, Long Beach Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering GPA 3.1, Graduation date: May 2011

CORE COMPETENCIES
 Results-driven achiever with exemplary planning and organizational skills
 Highly developed communication skills both verbal and non-verbal
 Innovative problem-solver who generates workable solutions
 Strong desire to expand current skillsets to increase value as an asset to the company

 Resourceful team player that excels at building trusting relationships
 Technologically savvy with extensive software proficiency covering wide variety of applications.
 Seasoned professional whose honesty and integrity provide for effective leadership and optimal business relationships
 Ambitious with an unbridled passion for work

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NRTV Collab, LLC, Costa Mesa, California

January 2017- Present

Partner/Founder

 Built and implemented the business structure of a startup with partner Luke Wronski, where we provide

collaborative services and consultation to help small startups grow in the outdoor goods industry.

SoCalGas, Anaheim, California

December 2015 ­ July 2016

Senior Account Executive

 Managed all communications for the Mobile Home Park Upgrade Utility Program for over 30 mobile home

parks. Responsibilities included: presentations delivered to MHP owners and residents explaining the scope

and expectations of the project; daily communications with owners to guide them through the process from

application to invoicing; various deliveries of documentation/notifications to residents and owners throughout the

project; compilation of all documentation for CPUC auditing.

Aliso Community Liaison

 Performed as a single point of contact for 80+ families who were affected by the Aliso Canyon Gas leak.

Responsibilities included daily calls with residents to coordinate relocations and reimbursements.

SPEC Services, Fountain Valley, California

May 2011 ­ December 2015

Project Manager / Project Engineer

Over 4 years of experience performing pipeline engineering services for the oil, gas, and water industry. Most

recently worked for the SoCalGas Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan (PSEP) for projects consisting of 10 miles

of replacement and 2 miles of hydrotesting totaling over $75 million. Responsibilities included facilitating

outreach with cities, companies, and customers affected by the construction zone; presenting the construction

scope to SoCalGas PMO, regional departments, and customers; leading meetings for design and construction

updates.

Project Controls Process Manager

 In charge of project reconciliation of all PSEP performance partner contracts and coordination with third party

auditors for over $100 million in projects closed out. Tasks included: working with management to create and

streamline the reconciliation process; producing and implementing several strategic documents to track and

calculate projects costs; leading reconciliation meetings: coordinating and collecting contractor's self-reported

actuals; working with all departments to ensure the projects completeness; ensuring contract retention payment

calculations and submittals upon completion of all contractual obligations.

First Congregational Church, Anaheim, California

September 2008 ­ May 2011

Youth Leader

 Responsible for budgeting, networking, and heading weekly meetings for the youth group as well as

coordinating, organizing, and advertising hospital building trips to Mexico among other outreach trips.

