Cyril Alexis I. Rosal

Address: 12425 Spectrum, Irvine, CA 92618 Mobile: (818) 281-8358 Email: crosal@uci.edu

EDUCATION

University of California, Irvine

Jun 2015

Bachelor of Arts in Urban and Regional Planning, Minor in Economics

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE

Irvine Company

Sales Specialist

Jan 2016 ­ Current

 Responsible for creating a memorable first-time experience for apartment shoppers and ensuring that the

company's standards are envisioned throughout the whole interaction.

 Focus to achieve occupancy goals in either multiple properties or stand-alone communities in order to help

meet revenue and budget set by the company.

 Initially started at a standalone property, overseeing 436 units to a "pod" community, with 4 different

properties and over 1,600 units.

Wyndham Vacation Ownerships

In-House Marketing Representative

Jul 2015 ­ Dec 2015

 Responsible for meeting monthly penetration requirements in order to meet site budget and revenue while

maintaining great customer service towards hotel guests and timeshare owners.

 Upon a few weeks of start date, responsible for the leads towards timeshare sales reaching the top in

volume sales for multiple weeks.

 Persuaded a high volume of owners and non-owners who has had negative experiences from previous

occasions to come back and re-experience timeshare sales presentations.

THINK Together

Human Resources Intern

Jun 2015 ­ Sep 2015

 Assisted the corporate office human resources department in preparation for busiest time of the year for

Think Together, being the beginning of the school year.

 Worked under the Manager of Volunteers in helping recruit volunteers for the 50 different sites throughout

the OC and LA districts.

 Conducted phone screening, candidate testing, in-person interviews and scheduling for different entry-level

positions.

Law Offices of Brent A. Duque

Administrative Intern

Dec 2014 ­ Jun 2015

 Prepared initial documentation for all new cases and clients for case managers, including compiling

hospital records, insurance claims and paperwork, and police incident reports

 Filed documentation with courts, and managed critical calendar deadlines for all paperwork

 Assisted firm attorneys with overall office administration, with special attention to organizing litigation

papers, handling phone calls, and updating calendars for deadlines and court dates

 Helped coworkers to use MS Office programs more efficiently

Chipotle

Senior Crew Member

Nov 2013 ­ May 2015

 Assisted the newly opened UCI branch to achieve the Restaurateur level, the highest achievement in the

Chipotle restaurant tier system

 Promoted through all six stations within the store, and achieved proficiency 40% faster compared to peer

group.

SKILLS Language: Fluent in English and Tagalog; Basic Spanish Computer: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Sufficient in Adobe InDesign, WPM 120+, Apple and PC

