KEM SERDENGECTI 5214 E. Killdee St  Long Beach  CA  90808
(805) 689-1216  serdengecti@charter.net

EXPERIENCE 2016 - Present 2006 - 2016
2005 - 2006
2002 - 2004
Summer 2000 Summer 2000 1988 - 1999 EDUCATION
COMPUTER SKILLS

AUTO CLUB OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Costa Mesa, CA

Senior Research Analyst

 Conduct customer satisfaction analysis and research.

OAKLEY, INC.

Foothill Ranch, CA

Senior Operations Analyst

 Formulated and executed a cross-platform automation strategy to increase accuracy, repeatability,

efficiency, and transparency of recurring major distribution channel sales data analysis resulting in a

reduction of completion and report generation duration of over 80%.

 Devised and implemented an integrated schema to automate the creation of a cross functional international

financial statement based report producing a 75% improvement in creation time.

 Conducted a multivariate regression analysis, including testing for and incorporation of nonlinearity and

interactivity, of 5 years of sales data to create a sales forecasting tool integrating an equation that statistically

explains 98.9% of the variation of the monthly periodic percent of total sales progress.

 Performed analysis of outbound product distribution characteristics to establish the basis for the formulation

of a long term distribution center strategy.

 Analyzed freight characteristics (5MM+ records) in preparation of optimizing distribution channel policy.

 Supported the budget process through the maintenance of Hyperion links and budget rationale formulation.

THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY

Burbank, CA

Sourcing Analyst

 Developed and applied standardized and rigorous approach to financial analysis related to procurement

including financial modeling for bid analysis, cost saving methodologies, and total cost ownership modeling.

 Tracked and reported savings, spend compliance, and variance: communicated findings with procurement

heads, Finance, and Lines of Business.

 Provided analytical support for sourcing activities by performing spend, feasibility, cost/benefit, and process

analysis.

UNISPHERE INC.

Arlington, VA

Grant Financing and Consulting Firm that Invested in Commercial/Government Use Technologies

Senior Technology and Business Analyst (December 2003 - September 2004)

Project Coordinator - Reporting to the Vice President of Operations:

 Managed the work of 7 individuals (1 direct report) completing 20 projects.

 Formulated and implemented initiative to facilitate high quality, on time, and under-budget workflow

resulting in a 25% reduction in average project cost.

 Developed program-specific project planning and monitoring tools to assess budget and schedule variance.

Advanced Analysis and Appraisal - Project Due Diligence:

 Performed financial profitability (IRR, NPV, payback period), sustainability (breakeven, price points), and

cost comparison indicator calculations for economic evaluation through incremental cash flow analysis.

 Evaluated competitive landscape (market segmentation, size, growth, drivers, barriers, alternatives) to

support market assessment and recommendations through data and trend analysis under tight deadlines.

Technology and Business Analyst (April 2002 - December 2003)

Fundamental Analysis and Appraisal - Project Due Diligence:

 Modeled expected cost savings associated with selection of alternative options or practices.

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS (SALOMON SMITH BARNEY)

Washington, DC

Research Assistant (Intern)

AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL (AMERICAN EXPRESS FINANCIAL ADVISORS)

Alexandria, VA

Financial Consultant Assistant (Intern)

SANTA BARBARA COUNTY

Santa Barbara, CA

Senior Air Quality Engineer (October 1990 - June 1999)

Air Quality Engineer (September 1988 - October 1990)

THE COLLEGE OF WILLIAM AND MARY

Williamsburg, VA

Graduate School of Business Administration

Master of Business Administration (MBA), 2001. Focus: Finance

 Additional Coursework: International Trade and Finance, Securities Analysis, Portfolio Management,

Venture Capital (valuation), Linear Programming (optimization), Project Management, Negotiation

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA

Santa Barbara, CA

Bachelor of Arts, 1988. Major: Mathematics

Excel (expert - advanced formulas, macros), MS Office applications (advanced proficiency - Access, Word, PowerPoint, Project), VBA (Excel, Access), SAP R3 / BW, Hyperion Essbase, SharePoint

