SHEN WEI

U.S Permanent Residence ·18547 Nottingham Ln, Rowland Hts, CA91748 U· (626)-215-8609 ·frankshen@g.ucla.edu

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
 Communication & Collaboration:  Interpersonal strengths leveraged to deliver informative presentations and ensure client satisfaction  Talent for explaining complex concepts to all levels of expertise  Tri-lingual (Mandarin Chinese-Native, English, Japanese) service help massively in building international client relationship
 Key Skills:  High dedication, accuracy and good analyzing intelligence  Ability to read market movements and make simple plans related to financing planning  Ability to upskill rapidly due to a solid grounding

OBJECTIVE  Seeking position as Analyst
PRPFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES

Everbright Bank, China

Internship, Assistant Consultant in Investment Department

July 2012-August 2012

 Worked closely with the manager of Sales Department

 Familiarized with company policy and financial services

 Explained and introduced housing mortgage policy to clients

Internship, Consultant

August 2014-September 2014

 Introduced and explained financial products and different policy to customers

 Assisted and transferred clients to different department based on their needs

 Communicated and interpreted foreigner clients in English, Japanese, and Chinese

 Assisted senior clients get familiar with new financial technologies

Pasadena City College

September 2010-June 2013

Tutor

 Personal tutor in Chinese and Mathematics (college Algebra, pre-calculus, and single variable calculus)

Grand Prospects Financial & services

March 2016-April 2017

Marketing associate/Consultant/Technical support

 Responsible for delivered professional and technical advice on insurance section

 Understood and Identified each Insurance Guidelines' and updates

 Developed insurance quotes for life, make sales presentations, and close sales

 Selected as the most recent hire to train new employees

 Processed complex life insurance & annuity applications ensuring each case if effective and minimize turn-around

time for approval

EDUCATION BACKGROUND
University of California, College of Letters and Science, Los Angeles, CA  Bachelor of Arts in Economics  Cumulative GPA: 3.324
Pasadena City College, Pasadena, CA  Associate Degree in: Business, Japanese, and Natural Science  Cumulative GPA: 3.929
Dean's Honor, Administration Honor, and Scholarship Recognition Award

July 2015 June 2013

KEY FOCUSED AREAS
 Microeconomics & Macroeconomics  International trade  Market Organization (game theory)  Econometrics (Stata)  Fluent in English, Japanese, and Mandarin Chinese  Financial Accounting& Managerial accounting  Microsoft Office

 Graph analysis

Wei Shen 18547 Nottingham Ln Rowland Heights, CA91748
(626)215-8609 July 10 2017 Dear recruiters I am interested in applying for Analyst at your organization. My resume is enclosed for your review. I graduated from University of California, Los Angeles with a bachelor degree in economics in 2015. I able to speak English, Mandarin and Japanese. My focused economic areas including international trade, game theory, and market design. My backgrounds include business experience online and retail setting. I have the experience to communicate with other same area competitors and manage to come up with a reasonable price setting. I also interned at China Everbright Bank as a consultant. I familiarized with all the company financial products and communicated with customers in English, Japanese, and Mandarin Chinese. After I graduated from the university, I had my first job in Grand Prospects Financial. I learned how to analyze all different kinds of financial products and introduce to clients to correspond with their needs. Through those experiences, I have developed strong customer service, organizational and high dedication, accuracy and good analyzing intelligence, which fit the requirements of your position. I would greatly appreciate the opportunity to meet with you to and find out more about this opportunity. Please feel free to contact me by phone or e-mail. I appreciate your consideration and look forward to hearing from you. Sincerely Wei Shen
2

