Shawn D. Stiffler
8902 Shore Cir., Huntington Beach, CA 92646 | C: (714) 235-5716 | shawnstiffler@hotmail.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS Strong leadership and communication skills. Exceptional analytical and mathematical ability. Ability to overcome obstacles with clear, concise direction. Outstanding relationship building, training, and presentation skills. Love for learning, problem solving, and leading teams to success. Driven to be the best.

CORE COMPETENCIES Data Analysis, Production Management, Operations Management, Client Relationship Management, Market
Analysis, Interpersonal Communication, Team Building, Negotiation, Problem Solving

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client Services Manager Doctor Genius

January 2015 ­ current Irvine, CA

Client Services focuses on improving retention of current clients, improving our cash flow, client life cycle, analyzing current accounts and up-selling our advanced products.

Daily responsibilities: training on new industry events or technological advances, managing talk time, number of outbound calls, appointments, review/approve client presentations, review/approve market analysis, overall production and where we are trending/need to be.

Other responsibilities include:

Data analysis, create monthly/quarterly financial performance and KPI reports, provide guidance from financial and KPI reports to Executive management and Partners, forecast financial performance/impacts of different variables, analyze financial impacts of initiatives, develop & present proactive analysis and reports to sales teams and Partners to improve our business, oversight of over 400 active clients and their various projects - managing workflow, production, and ensuring smooth delivery of our products in a timely manner across all departments, conduct data analysis through Excel, Google Analytics, Search Console, and other tools to measure and forecast account performance, and when necessary write my own macros in Excel for automation of certain analysis.

Membership Advisor & Corporate Sales EQUINOX

May 2011 ­ April 2014 Newport Beach, CA

· Residential sales: Sell memberships, personal training, and consistently hit or exceed goal. · Corporate sales: Present via PowerPoint wellness programs to decision-makers.
 Explain ROI in detail, benefits, and other financial information. · Maintain an on-going client relationship. · Train junior sales reps.

Sales Manager Gold's Gym

November 2007 ­ March 2011 Huntington Beach, CA

· Full management over the sales team: sales meetings, scheduling, promotions. · Developed advertising/strategic marketing plans each month with the General Manager. · Managed the club in the absence of the General Manager. · Above all: motivate my team and make sure we hit our individual numbers and club goals.

EDUCATION
Cal State University Fullerton, Fullerton, CA Bachelors in Business Administration ­ Finance Concentration

SOFTWARE/APPLICATION PROFICIENCY
 Highly skilled in Excel and PowerPoint (Full MS Suite)  Adobe Creative Cloud  Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Google Search Console

