Jennifer Sun
Fountain Valley, CA 92708 · 714-510-5370 · jensun9@gmail.com

EDUCATION
University of California, Irvine School of Education Doctor of Philosophy in Education (August 2017) Specialization: Learning, Cognition, and Development Master of Arts in Education, 2014 Master of Arts in Teaching in Elementary and Secondary Education, 2008 Preliminary Multiple Subject Credential, 2008 Psychology and Social Behavior, B.A., 2006 Minor in Educational Studies

WORK EXPERIENCE
2012 ­ 2017 UC Irvine School of Education Graduate Researcher
· Utilized qualitative research approaches to design and implement research studies · Designed, developed, and conducted various interview protocols, surveys, and questionnaires · Conducted focus group interviews · Collected and analyzed video, interview, and observational data · Built and established positive rapport with school administration and teachers · Presented findings at local and national academic conferences

Irvine, CA

Spring (March-June) 2015

UC Irvine School of Education

Irvine, CA

Teaching Associate

· Planned, designed, and delivered instruction for an undergraduate course: Critical Issues in K-12 Education (80+

undergraduate students)

2008 ­ 2010

Garden Grove Unified School District

Garden Grove, CA

Elementary School Teacher--2nd and 6th grade

· Planned, designed, and delivered instruction to students in all subject matters; aligned with grade level standards

· Established and maintained positive relationships with students, parents, and colleagues

· Collaborated with teachers and participated in professional development to improve curriculum planning and instructional

practices

2007 ­ 2008

Taco Bell Corporation

Irvine, CA

Incentive Program Assistant

 Supported the design, implementation, and execution of a nationwide recognition and incentive program to the entire

U.S. Taco Bell Brand restaurants (more than 6,000)

 Coordinated and implemented the corporate level incentive program (500 + employees)

 Collaborated and communicated with various department teams to ensure all Franchise communities are enrolled in the

Recognition/Incentive program

 Built and managed vendor relationships for all award execution and fulfillment responsibilities

 Worked with internal communications team to write and publish period reports that are posted nationally

Jennifer Sun
Fountain Valley, CA 92708 · 714-510-5370 · jensun9@gmail.com

2003­ 2006

Fountain Valley,

CA

FV Acupuncture and Herbal Clinic

Office Assistant

 Front desk receptionist: Greeted patients, answered phones, scheduled appointments

 Responsible for all clerical office procedures: faxes, copies, memos, etc.

 Updated and maintained medical inventory

 Responsible for Insurance/payment tasks: billed patients, verified patients' health coverage

2003­ 2004

Irvine, CA

Growing Family, Inc.

Baby Photographer & Sales Representative

 Sales representative for Growing Family, Inc

 Photographed newborn infants in the hospital postpartum ward and NICU

 Established and developed strong service orientation and time management skills

 Adapted and accomplished different tasks in a rapidly changing work environment (hospital setting)

QUALITATIVE RESEARCH PROJECTS 2015 ­ 2017 UC Irvine School of Education
· Dissertation Title: Mathematics Teacher Identity in the Context of Mathematics Reform · Conducted teacher case studies (one academic year) that explored identity, tensions, and negotiations · Developed questionnaires and interview protocols · Collected and analyzed video, interviews, observational data · Explored community dynamics, system structures, and teacher tensions in relation to teacher identity.
2013­2014 UC Irvine School of Education
· Research Focus: Longitudinal study that follows pre-service teachers during their credential program through their first three years of teaching
· Conducted teacher interviews · Collected observational data · Shadowed teachers to gain perspective of their experiences · Used coding schemes to analyze data in order to understand changes in teacher learning and practice
Summer 2006 Academia Sinica Taipei, Taiwan
· Research Focus: Gender differences in parental expectations in education for sons and daughters: Is there a difference? · Helped with translation of interview data (Mandarin Chinese into English) · Analyzed interview data

RESEARCH PRESENTATIONS

Van Es, E., Santagata,R., Sun, J., Tunney, J., Yeh, C. (2016, January). Developing a professional vision of mathematics instruction by learning to learn from teaching. Symposium presentation at the annual meeting of the Association for Mathematics Teacher Educators, Irvine, CA.

Jennifer Sun
Fountain Valley, CA 92708 · 714-510-5370 · jensun9@gmail.com
Dyer, E., Sherin, M., Stockero, S., Sun, J., van Es, E. A., & Van Zoest, L. (2014, February). Teacher Captures Video: Tools, Opportunities and Challenges. Symposium presentation at the annual meeting of the Association for Mathematics Teacher Educators, Irvine, CA.
Henry, V., Guarino, J., Sun, J., & Yeh, C. (2014 February). Design, Tools and Implications for Developing Preservice Teachers` Noticing of Student Thinking. Presentation at the annual meeting of the Association for Mathematics Teacher Educators, Irvine, CA.
Sun, J., & van Es, E.A. (2013). Attending to Student Thinking: What do pre-service teachers notice? Research symposium presented at the American Educational Research Association annual meeting in San Francisco, CA.
PUBLISHED MANUSCRIPTS
Sun, J. & van Es (2015). An Exploratory Study of the Influence that Analyzing Teaching has on Preservice Teachers' Classroom Practice. Journal of Teacher Education. DOI: 10.1177/0022487115574103
SKILLS Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) Fluent in Mandarin Chinese

