ANGELA TANG
A.TANG.ANGELA@GMAIL.COM 3240 Delta Avenue  Rosemead, California 91770  626-215-3192

EDUCATION

University of California, Davis

December 2012

Bachelor of Science, Animal Science & Management, Emphasis: Companion Animals

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

alliantgroup in Irvine, California

May 2015 to Present

Associate

 Lead the planning and implementation of a project's life cycle for 75+ clients and CPA firms

to find cash-generating credits, deductions, and incentives.

 As the main point of contact, build a strong sustainable client relationship by anticipating and

assessing client needs.

 Set and continually manage project expectations, identify opportunities, and devise

contingency plans.

 Identified, analyzed, and qualified value-oriented benefits for American businesses in the

A/E/C industry.

 Evaluate projects at each stage to identify potential areas for improvement and growth to

achieve individual and team goals.

 Daily activities involved collaborating with a team of attorneys, accountants, engineers, and

scientists through the completing of tax consulting assignments..

 Worked hand in hand with technical experts and senior management to drive project success

of project scope and goals by acquiring resources and coordinating efforts.

 Prepares and over saw completion of final project deliverable while ensuring accuracy of all

information provided.

 Trained and led new hire Project Coordinator and Associates within the Energy Incentives

Division.

 Consistently ranked amongst the top 3 performers within the Energy Incentives Division.

Teco Diagnostics in Anaheim, California

September 2013 to April 2015

Accounts Specialist

 Established and reviewed pricing structures for current and new customers.

 Oversaw the training of new Account Specialists.

 Coordinated closely with multiple departments to create a smoother workflow and ensure

customers' needs and orders are completed and expectations of clients are upheld.

 Visited clients and participated in tradeshows.

 Manage international accounts; drafted Distributor Contracts and Registration documents for

import of goods into foreign countries.

 Prepared documents for custom products according to company/country regulations.

 Utilized Syspro to maintain, update, and track the progress of sales orders along with

Saleforce to communicate with clients.

Purchasing Agent

 Communicated with suppliers and internal personnel to maintain an up to date inventory to

ensure smooth operations productivity.

 Negotiated with current and new suppliers on pricing; participated in decisions in regards to

choosing suppliers that best fit company needs.

 Maintained a comprehensive status of all purchase order.

 Upheld contact with suppliers in China, acted as a liaison between the suppliers and

company; providing both translation and communication between the parties.

 Assisted in Accounts Receivable & Payable to ensure ledgers are updated.

ANGELA TANG
A.TANG.ANGELA@GMAIL.COM 3240 Delta Avenue  Rosemead, California 91770  626-215-3192 EMPLOYABLE SKILLS  Ability to articulate and relay information in an effective and efficient manner both written and verbal  Strong analytical, research and organizational skills  Excellent people skills, works well in group projects/team environments  Proficient in use of computer programs: Microsoft Office, Syspro, Salesforce, and NetSuite  Quick learner and attentive to details  Flexible and eager to take on multiple task/roll
2 of 2

