AMY JOY TAYLOR 745 Timberlane Road, 32312 · Tallahassee, FL · (954) 531-8278 (cell) · ajt11@my.fsu.edu

EDUCATION
FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY (FSU), Tallahassee, FL
 Bachelors of Science in Finance, Summer 2015

EXPERIENCE

USA TODAY NETWORK - GANNETT, Tallahassee, FL

Nov 2016-Present

Financial Analyst

 Develop and support Presidents and Regional Finance Directors in the annual budgets and monthly re-forecasts process.

 Assist in the monthly and year-end accounting close process to ensure that financial statements are accurate and complete

in all aspects.

 Provide and report variance and trend analysis vs. budget, forecast and prior periods.

 Analyze company financial performance against trends and budget objectives to drive financial performance.

 Work closely with functional departments in order to understand all aspects of print and digital media.

 Perform various ad hoc projects, including KPI analysis, revenue fluctuations, and impact of rate or business model change.

 Prepare written and oral budgetary recommendations for implementation in department budgets.

PRIME MERIDIAN BANK, Tallahassee, FL

Aug 2015-Nov 2016

Associate Relationship Manager / Financial Analyst

 Underwriting new and renewing commercial loans by evaluating operational strengths and weaknesses including leverage,

key risk factors, and sources of repayment, cash flow, the ongoing credit worthiness, market conditions, and ability to

service debt.

 Interpreting spread financials, financial projections, and cash flow / debt amortization models.

 Meeting face to face with clients on a daily basis to get a better understanding of their businesses and to build

relationships.

BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH, Tallahassee FL

May 2015-Aug 2015

Client Associate Intern

 Handled all the daily operations of the Global Wealth Management group with personal care and first-class service. Often

the first point of contact, assisting high net worth clients with a wide breadth of daily needs, ranging from setting up client

accounts, transferring cash and securities between accounts, to assistance with banking, credit and lending services from

Bank of America.

WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL BANK, Fort Lauderdale, FL

May 2014-Aug 2014

Summer Financial Analyst Intern

 Gained significant responsibility as a financial analyst intern, assisting in underwriting some of the office's largest deals

including an aggregate $80.3MM in commitments as part of a $950MM syndicated facility to a public airline company.

 Participated in client and prospect calls with Relationship Managers to gain relationship management skills while getting a

first-hand look at company's operations on the ground level.

LEADERSHIP

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY, Atlanta, GA- Sophomore Leader | Sophomore Leaders Conference

2014

 Selected as one of 40 students who were invited to Wells Fargo to learn about the company's approach to credit and

lending in businesses such as Commercial Banking, Corporate Banking, and Commercial Real Estate.

 Selected as one of 9 students to be offered a position as a Financial Analyst Intern in the Commercial Banking Unit for the

eastern region of the US.

"WAKA" Charity Kickball City League, Tallahassee, Florida - Coach and Player

2013- Present

 Assists in building the structure, accountability and foundation necessary to ensure a sustained commitment from team

players.

Amy Joy Taylor 745 Timberlane Road Tallahassee, FL 32312 (954)-531-8278 Ajt11@my.fsu.edu
Taco Bell Analyst, Strategic Development & Analysis Irvine, CA
I am an enthusiastic finance professional with a wide range of experiences in financial operations and analysis. My current job at Gannett (USA Today Network) as a financial analyst allows me to work closely with Presidents and CFO's of multiple sites on material analysis to aid in decision making such as acquisitions along with site cost and budget forecasting. I have demonstrated expertise in monitoring, analyzing and presenting performance compared to the budget forecast and preceding year's performance ensuring upper management satisfaction. Several years of experience using financial software and excel has made it easier and simpler for me to build and process financial reports, accounting journals and payrolls. Besides excelling in a team oriented environment, I am also able to work independently using my strong analytical, problem solving and mathematical skills. Moreover, I am a fast learner and welcome any opportunity to learn new business or financial systems.
My persona matches your organization's requirements as an assertive, self-directed candidate driven by details and deadlines. I'd love a chance to work for a company that produces great products, with the skills that come naturally to me. I am certain I would add value to the team with my outgoing personality, strong analytical skills, and could use my extensive knowledge of investment decision making to further assist this company's growth.
Please review my resume attached with details of my professional experience and technical knowledge. I look forward to having the opportunity to discuss my application and interest further.
Sincerely, Amy Joy Taylor

