Eric J. Uehlinger, EMBA
7521 Edinger Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 · 714-369-3326 · uehlingere@yahoo.com ·http://www.linkedin.com/in/ericuehlinger

FINANCE  STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT Financial Analysis  Military
Financial Analyst working for a Fortune 500 company on a team with high expectations where finance plays a role in all pricing decisions to ensure we are entering engagements that are beneficial not only for the company, but the shareholders as well.

 Financial Planning & Analysis
 Pricing Models  Value Creation  Financial Modeling  Oracle

 Financial Reporting  Hyperion / Essbase  Business Development  Market Based
Management  Determining Beta

 GL Wand  Networking  Project Management  Strategic
Recommendations  Discounted Cash Flows

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

First American Mortgage Solutions, Santa Ana, CA

2016-Current

Financial Analyst

Works in a capacity that manages financials and reporting for 25+ cost centers for a finance forward organization. Half of which offer completely different products and services. Receives heavy ad hoc analysis requests for a multitude of different reasons. Experience working with SQL, Essbase, Hyperion, Oracle GL Wand, Oracle Publisher, and Oracle BI.

 Works with business leaders to improve financial results  Experience working with operations & non-operative businesses  Experience building pricing and profitability models  Experience with budgeting and forecasting  Weekly revenue reporting  Owner of month end reporting to upper management  Owner of weekly actuals vs budget/forecast analysis reporting  Owner of divisional allocations for finance team  Utilizes extended education to build on current financial analysis skills  Experience with M&A  High attention to detail from previous military experience

Wilshire Bank / Bank of Manhattan Newport Beach, CA Wilshire Bank acquired Bank of Manhattan's mortgage division in March 2015. Analyst

2012-2016

Lead administrator specializing in mortgages for high net-worth clients and first-time homebuyers. Facilitated the process for clients to ensure timely completion and the best possible loan experience. Utilized critical thinking and creative problem-solving abilities to resolve financial challenges.

 Assisted in closing $50 million in loans each year worked in mortgage finance.  Developed strategic marketing plan through personalization and target marketing, resulting in an
increased rate of return on direct mail outreach from 2% to 5%.  Reviewed, tracked, and reported on loan pipeline resulting in a 50% improvement in time to close a
loan.  Managed daily and monthly reporting to ensure milestones were being achieved within defined
timelines.  Work in cross functional teams as needed as demand arises.  Reviewed business tax returns to determine profitability or loss for companies.  Experience doing financial modeling using Microsoft Excel.

Bank of America, Newport Beach, CA

2010 - 2012

Sales Support Assistant

Assisted sales team in supporting client relationships, identifying client services, and sales needs. Followed up with specialists and experts to ensure superior client service. Monitored branch pipeline reports to ensure branch associates were processing their pipeline efficiently.

 Assisted sales team in increasing sales by 15% for the Orange County region through process reengineering and redesigning sales approaches.

United States Marine Corps, Camp Pendleton, CA & Fallujah, Iraq

2003 - 2010

Logistics Coordinator & Current Operations Analyst

In control of assigning and monitoring over 100 government vehicles for the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force. Promoted to operations analyst in charge of inbound information being gathered from Iraq then transferred to reports and presentations for senior staff.

 Operated a voting booth in Fallujah, Iraq in 2005, for the first free elections in Iraq's history.  Youngest person in my command to hold a Federal Security Clearance.  Served as the logistics coordinator for a fleet of over 100 tactical and civilian vehicles.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

CHAPMAN UNIVERSITY, Argyros School of Business and Economics Executive Master of Business Administration, 2014
Focus on Strategic Management and value creation for organizations.

Orange, CA

CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY DOMINGUEZ HILLS Bachelor of Science Business Administration, 2010

Carson, CA

GOLDEN WEST COLLEGE Associate of Arts, 2008

Huntington Beach, CA

