ALISON WEEKLEY
7153 E. Keynote St. · Long Beach, CA 90808 · (562) 243 - 1854 · aweekley09@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE Accomplished analyst with 5+ years experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Seeking to use my analytical thinking, leadership skills, and educational background to further my career in a Science related field.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Pharosity Consulting (Allergan) ­ Irvine, CA/ Parsippany, NJ

(March 2016-March 2017)

Medicaid Reimbursement Analyst

 Successfully reconcile $25M in Medicaid and State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program Drug Rebate invoices quarterly for ten

states through Revitas and Model N data systems.

 Audit claim reports daily for invoiced drug utilization conversion errors, quarter-to-quarter variances, and provide trending

analysis to ensure accurate reimbursement.

 Load and maintain all product eligibility, pricing data, and contract information in Revitas Rebate System; which may include

Rebate Per Unit (RPU) calculations due to Wholesale Acquisition Cost (WAC) or Average Manufacture Price (AMP) changes,

T-Bill rates, etc.

 Provide support to IT in transfer of knowledge for maintenance of Revitas and BI reporting tools.

 Collaborate closely with Senior Management to provide necessary trend data for accurate forecasting.

 Assisted in training team located in New Jersey.

 Participated in the creation of internal training documents.

 Helped with testing migrated data before and after implementing into legacy system during final stages of Actavis/Allergan

acquisition.

Allergan Inc. ­ Irvine, CA and Parsippany, NJ

(February 2011-March 2016)

Chargeback Analyst

(May 2014-March 2016)

 Analyzed and managed contract membership (including PHS/340B, VA, HMO and GPO memberships) through Revitas

resulting in chargeback processing of over $180 million annually.

 Responsible for performing audits to resolve inquiries from Wholesalers, Government Entities, Group Purchasing Organizations

(GPOs) and customers.

 Facilitated in the data migration and transition from legacy Actavis systems to legacy Allergan systems.

Client Support Web Specialist

(March 2012-May 2014)

 Provide web support for Allergan Direct, the on-line portal for E-Commerce Ordering and Bill Pay.

 Communicate with systems analysts and users to ensure information technology designs meet the needs of the end users (both

internal within Allergan and external customers).

 Ensures data integrity, if called upon creates and distributes reports.

 Assigns appropriate security roles for Allergan Direct.com system access for internal and external users.

 Practices knowledge of system capabilities and SAP business processes in the areas of Ordering, Customer Master records and

Credit and Collections.

 Interfaces with SAP, CRM, and other key applications.

 Responsible for monitoring a daily report to ensure all eligible Allergan personnel have appropriate security roles for the

Allergan Direct on-line portal.

 Trainer on Allergan Direct to all Allergan Sales Teams and internal resources.

 Support Allergan Direct Kiosk at National Sales Meetings and at various Customer Facing Conferences, (i.e. ASPS)

Client Support Specialist

(January 2012-March 2012)

 Responsible for collecting past due balances on invoices and analyzing new orders for assigned accounts.

 Research, determine and implement appropriate steps to resolve all claims from both customers and sales force.

Customer Service Representative  Responsible for processing orders from customers for pharmaceutical products.  Handled customer concerns regarding products, incorrect shipments, and product promotions.  Processed on average one hundred phone calls per day.  Recognized as one of the top agents for numerous customer service recognition categories.

(February 2011-January 2012)

Alison Weekley

Page 1

ALISON WEEKLEY
7153 E. Keynote St. · Long Beach, CA 90808 · (562) 243 - 1854 · aweekley09@gmail.com

City of Long Beach ­ Long Beach, CA

(2010)

Health Department Internship

 Internship with Environmental Health Department

 Performed daily on the job activity with Long Beach City Health Inspectors. Tasks include preparing reports; taking samples

when necessary and interfacing with city employees as well as those being inspected.

 Food inspection

 Housing inspection

 Environmental screening

 Hazardous waste inspection

City of Bellflower ­ Bellflower, CA Lifeguard 1 Position/Recreation Leader  Worked as lifeguard for several pools within the city for all ages, children through adult.  Received CPR certification after completing extensive training.  Worked other city events as requested, e.g. Halloween parties, 4th of July celebrations.  Developed skills to handle children in various situations including some that were at times difficult.

(May 2008- March 2009)

EDUCATION Loyola Marymount University Bachelor of Science Degree in Biology, May 2009
Saint Joseph High School High School Diploma, June 2005

Marina Del Rey, CA Lakewood, CA

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING  Proficient in Microsoft Office, SAP, CRM, Model N, and Revitas.

Alison Weekley

Page 2

