Kelly V. Welker, MBA
28241 Crown Valley Pkwy, Suite F #298, Laguna Niguel CA 92677 626.533.1983 · kvwelker@yahoo.com   
   OBJECTIVE  
To obtain a position that will allow me to directly impact the growth of a firm through strategic goal setting, fostering client relationships and cohesive teamwork within the organization.
EDUCATION  
Pepperdine University ­ Masters of Business Administration, December 2009
California State University, Los Angeles ­ B.S. Accounting, Minor in Economics, December 2000 Graduated Cum Laude Honors: Dean's List Activities: Beta Alpha Psi, Vice President
   PROFESSIONAL  WORK  EXPERIENCE  
  
Crunch Care, President (March 2011 - current)
Duties: ·   Creation and implementation of operational efficiencies, marketing materials, collaborating
partner relationships, public relations and championing company sales initiatives. ·   Daily responsibilities include: client prospecting, account management, onboarding clients,
recruiting and qualifying candidates, marketing and advertising, general operations, accounting, and legal procurement. ·   Business clients include large multinational clients such as Facebook, Google, Bank of America, Levi Strauss, and Bright Horizons. ·   Private clients include high profile families, celebrities, and professional athletes. ·   Trained and managed employees both domestically and overseas. ·   Affiliated with BBB, International Nanny Association, and The Association of Premier Nanny Agencies.
Accomplishments: ·   Expanded service locations from San Diego to include all of Southern California as well as the
greater San Francisco Bay, Dallas, New York, and greater Boston markets. ·   Serviced over 2,200 private and business clients. ·   Created and implemented "Corporate Backup Care" business line. ·   Grew Corporate Backup Care sector of business to $575K annually in three years. ·   Responsible for a 10 fold revenue growth in six years. ($100K annually to $1M annually)
Avery Dennison, Global Mobility Analyst (May 2007 to May 2009)
Duties: ·   Supported Global Mobility Director in Management of Mobility Program. ·   Primary point of contact for international and domestic relocations. ·   Coordinate with HR and collaborate with local business units to develop domestic and
international relocation packages. ·   Global payroll coordination, implementation and review for international transfers, coordination
of US immigration matters, and destination services coordination and management. ·   Managed relocation vendors both domestically and internationally.

Deloitte Tax, Manager (May 2002 to May 2007)
Duties: ·   Manage all aspects of clients' international mobility program including coordination of global tax
services and policy implementation. ·   Global equity consulting including compliance reporting, coordination of plan approvals, and tax
implications of grants, vests, and exercises in foreign jurisdictions. ·   Part of RFP Team and presentations. ·   Client sales presentations. ·   Assignment package development both from an International Human Resource and tax
perspective. ·   Design and implementation of global assignment and tax equalization policies for clients in a
variety of industries. ·   Assist clients with international payroll coordination, implementation and review. ·   Manage the income tax compliance process. ·   Advised on global pension and social security issues/planning. ·   Cross-border consulting and cost minimization related to cross-border transfers. ·   Liaise with domestic and international taxing authorities.
TECHNICAL  PROFICIENCIES
Microsoft Office, Macintosh, Zoho, Wordpress
PROFESSIONAL  DEVELOPMENT  
Annual attendance at the International Nanny Association and The Association of Premier Nanny Agencies Conference
HOBBIES  AND  INTERESTS  
Golf membership at Aliso Viejo Country Club, skiing, travel, yoga, hiking, camping, support and participate in charities for children, animals and drug & alcohol abuse
  

