Shannon Wyatt
8 Sugarcane Lane, Ladera Ranch, Ca 92694 Phone: (949) 412-4433 E-Mail: swyatt519@gmail.com
Summary
I am a 20+ year retail veteran with a proven track record of growing multimillion dollar businesses, including growing companies from the ground up such as Torrid. In additional to growing the financial side of the business, my personal passion is the training and development of my teams. My passion and focus on people development has resulted in the creation of world class Planning and Allocation teams domestic and global for brick and motor and ecom. I am currently looking for an opportunity where I can add value to the growth and success to a company while continuing to learn new and exciting things in my career.
Experience

David's Bridal- Senior Director Merchandise Planning and Allocation

May 2015 to present

·Oversee a team of 12 merchandise planners and allocators, including 2 Managers; report directly to the SVP

Planning and Allocation.

·Manage 12 different Accessories categories of over $150M for Bricks and Ecom. Led the team to a positive comp

business within 6 months after multiple years of negative comp business in accessories.

·Changed the overall promotional and inventory model which drove increased unit and dollar sales including

improved margins.

· Created a new allocation and reorder tool that enabled us to maximize the differences between core and fashion

items. This change led to incremental sales and margin as well as faster inventory turns. This change enables us to

reduce inventory liability in both the DC and stores.

· Participate in weekly and monthly business meetings with the executive leadership team including quarterly

updates with the Board of Directors.

· Focused on the training and development of the planning and allocation team which led to multiple promotions

across various different roles within the team.

· Work closely with my merchant counterparts to drive changes in strategy and ensure fast reactions to changes in

the business.

Fossil - Director of Merchandise Planning and Allocation

January 2012 to April 2015

· Lead a team of 15 planning and allocation analysts with over 130 outlet stores. Manage $250 million dollar

annual business for Fossil and Watch Station Outlet stores in North America, Asia, Australia and with guiding influence over Europe.

· Partner with the Wholesale team and with the Brand team to maximize liquidation strategy within the Outlet

division.

· Drive promotional and merchandising strategy for both Fossil and Licensed branded product such as Michael

Kors, Marc by Marc Jacobs, and Michelle.

· Drive allocation and assortment strategy to maximize sales across all channels.

· Partner in the organization, implementation and training of our new Planning tool ­ Enterprise Planning.

· Manage the day-to-day maintenance of the OTB as well as lead the monthly OTB review.

Hot Topic - Director of Merchandise Planning

August 2006 to April 2011

 Led a team of Planners for all four divisions within Hot Topic. Managed a $650 million dollar annual business

for the Hot Topic division.

 Focused on Brick and Mortar Stores, Internet and Outlet stores.

Page 2

 Partnered with the finance team to manage total company sales, inventory and margin expectations. Partnered

with the merchandising team, Buying, Planning and Allocation to ensure financial targets were achieved.

 Responsible for management of total company Open to buy to ensure target BOM's were achieved on a

monthly basis.  Partnered with the GMM and CMO to develop and implement total company business strategies.

 Helped lead monthly Open to buy strategy meetings with Senior Management for Hot Topic.

 Partnered with the DMM's and Planning Managers to identify additional business opportunities and liabilities to help achieve overall sales and margin objectives by division.

 Participated in department style outs to help ensure the Buying and Planning teams were maximizing category growth potential.  Partnered with the GMM on a monthly basis to manage the markdown process ensuring the teams were marking down slow selling, aged and seasonal product in a timely manner.

 Worked with the Buying, Planning and Allocation teams to develop assortments plans by department to ensure the appropriate number of all store styles and layers were bought in the appropriate quantities.  Partnered with Director of Allocation and Allocation Managers to help determine best allocation strategies for

peak and non-peak periods for both basic and fashion product in addition to, ascending and descending trending

categories.

 Focused on the training and development of each Planner on the team to help develop their technical and soft skill sets in order to help them achieve their overall career goals.

 Helped lead the testing and implementation process for the new JDA Planning system at Hot Topic.

Hot Topic/Torrid Division ­ Planning and Allocation Manager

August 2004 to August 2006

 Planned and managed the P&A team for both the apparel and accessory divisions. Helped create an

environment that embraced an entrepreneurial spirit amongst the planning, allocation and buying teams.

 Focused on driving allocation and planning strategies to help maximize sales.

 Adapted the training and development materials from the Hot Topic Division to the torrid division to incorporate the business needs within Torrid.

 Planned sales and inventory at the unit and dollar level by week in Excel. Managed markup, markdowns and margin on a monthly basis.  Managed the dollar and unit Open to Buy on weekly basis by department and category.

 Partnered with the buying team to identify changes in trend as they occurred and reforecasted unit and dollar plans accordingly.  Partnered with buying teams to drive POS promotions in addition to identifying markdown liabilities based on aged, slow selling and seasonal criteria on a monthly basis.

 Generated size, color and silhouette analysis on a weekly/monthly/quarterly basis.

 Partnered with the product development team to project out key item businesses one year in advance.

 Strategized sales and inventory needs based on markup, markdown, and margin taking into account what

percent to the total department/division product development merchandise needed to be.

Hot Topic ­ Planning and Allocation Manager

October 2000 to August 2004

 Managed the Planning and Allocation team for Accessories, which included Jewelry, Lingerie/Hosiery, Leather,

Hats/Cold Weather, Makeup, and Sunglasses.

 Led a team of Allocation Analysts and Associate Planners. Fostered an environment based on teamwork, open

communication and ongoing training and development opportunities. Focused on initiating and creating allocation

strategies and fine-tuning the teams planning skill sets.

 Created new hire training and group training classes for P&A that focused on developing the teams technical

and soft skill sets including retail math, leadership training, assortment planning, etc.

 Planned sales and inventory at the unit and dollar level by week in Excel. Managed markup, markdowns and

margin on a monthly basis.

 Created the company's first rollup page to tie back the unit plans to the dollar plans to ensure both versions

rolled up to the same sales and inventory levels.

 Managed dollar and unit Open to Buy on weekly basis by department and category. Partnered with the buying

team to change sales and inventory plans as changes in trend occurred.

Page 3

 Partnered with buying teams to identify markdown liabilities based on aged, slow selling and seasonal criteria to be taken on a monthly basis.  Generated color, size and silhouette analysis on a weekly/monthly basis.

Clothes Time ­ Merchandise Planner  Responsible for Planning Bottoms, Outerwear and Dresses.

September 1999 to October 2000

 Planned sales, inventory, markup, markdowns and margin by month at the dollar level and unit level in the MMS

Planning system.

 Managed dollar Open to Buy on weekly basis.

 Created unit Open to Buy in Excel by category that tied back to the dollar plans. Partnered with the buying

team to change sales and inventory plans as trends changed.

 Partnered with buying teams to identify markdown liabilities to be taken on a monthly basis. Planned and

forecasted future POS sales.

 Managed assortment plans on a monthly basis to achieve ideal inventory levels by volume group.

Clothes Time ­ Allocation Analyst

September 1998 to September 1999

 Allocated Tops and Bottoms for all stores on the MMS Allocation system.

 Created store plans to achieve target BOM's on a monthly basis. Allocated by volume group and inventory need to achieve target BOM's by month.  Generated size, regional, silhouette and color analyses on a weekly basis.

 Partnered with Planning and Buying team to determine new and reorder quantities by item and by size.

Store of Knowledge ­ Allocation Analyst

January 1998 to September 1998

 Allocated Gift and Baby items to all stores on the JDA allocation system. Managed inventory by volume group

based on ideal inventory turns.

 Tested and implemented new allocation system. Served as the designated trainer for fellow allocation analysts.

 Partnered with Buyers to help determine new and reorder quantities by item or category.

Wet Seal ­ Allocation Analyst

January 1997 to January 1998

 Allocated Lingerie, Hosiery, Jewelry, Shoes, Belts and Handbags on in house allocation system.

 Responsible to balance out inventory by volume group taking into account regionality and seasonality.

 Partnered with the warehouse to ensure goods landed on time and were processed through the DC in a timely

manner.

 Generated analyses to determine success of an item or category based on total sales and sell thru.

 Focused on size and regional selling.

 Created and managed assortment plans on a monthly basis.

Education
Saddleback Community College General education classes.

1994-1996

Major Accomplishments
Have turned negative comping divisions to double-digit positive comping divisions multiple times throughout my career. Created and developed training programs for the Planning and Allocation teams for Hot Topic, Torrid and Fossil which included a focus on both technical and soft skill development. Helped lead a new Planning System implementation from the beginning system selection process to the completed implementation of the planning system for Hot Topic, Torrid , Store of Knowledge and Fossil.

