SUEY YU
25 VIA LUCCA APT. J233, Irvine, CA 92612 | C: (626)425-1696 | syui0128@gmail.com July 18th, 2017 Taco Bell Corp.
RE: Analyst, Strategic Development & Analysis
Dear Hiring Manager, It is with great interest that I am forwarding my resume for consideration as an Analyst at the Irvine office. Given my diverse background in Strategic Development and Data Analysis, I believe I will be an excellent fit for this opportunity. Please consider the following highlights from my resume:  Worked in a strategy consulting company, with highly professional skills of Strategy Planning, Data Analysis (advanced
Excel knowledge) and Presentation/Report Preparation (Proficient at making and interpreting analysis into PowerPoint).  Exceptional communicator demonstrated by being a successful art salesperson, also, with experience communicating
with all levels of management from different client companies for extracting accurate company insights.  Familiar with financial evaluation (analyzing financial data, projecting incomes, modeling returns etc.) by working with
private funds on due diligence projects.  Delivered professional strategy plans by being in a team which carefully analyzed all sorts of internal and external data,
applied analysis to business frameworks/knowledge, identified company issues, discovered business opportunities, and interpreted the results in a straight forward and yet reader friendly way.  Achieved the online channel ROI of 147% for a start-up company.  A highly motivated and adaptable fast learner, have quickly mastered different tasks as a new position required Given my experience and competencies, I am confident that I would be a great addition to the team. My excellent organizational and interpersonal skills have assisted me in striving in both team-oriented and self-directed environments.
Sincerely,
Suey Yu
SUEY YU
25 VIA LUCCA APT. J233, Irvine, CA 92612 | C: 626-425-1696 | syui0128@gmail.com

CORE QUALIFICATIONS
 Comprehensive Data Analysis (Advanced Excel Skills)  Professional Business Strategy Developing  Excellent Report Writing Skills (Proficient in PowerPoint)  Outstanding Communication skills  Strong at Numbers and Logical Thinking  Multilingual (English/Cantonese/Mandarin/Japanese)

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

03/2017 to Present

Fine Art Consultant

Ning Zhou GalleryLaguna Beach, CA, the United States

Bringing in sales by influencing diverse customers with smooth communications and careful follow-ups.

07/2013 to 04/2016

Online Channel General Manager
Glamorous Apparel Limited  Zhaoqing, GuangDong, China
 Developed and implemented online strategies based on knowledge of company objectives, data analysis and market trends, achieved the ROI of 147%
 Supported company executives, recruited and managed an online marketing/sale team of 15 employees, launched an Alibaba Tmall store, cultivated and successfully maintained partnerships with 5 other online shopping websites throughout Asia

07/2010 to 01/2013

Analyst
P&E Directions  Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan
 Performed well under multiple demanding, deadline-driven business consulting projects including strategy planning, due diligence etc., responsible for market research, data analysis and presentation writing.
 Successfully extracted company insights by effectively communicating and interviewing with all levels of management of client companies.
 Designed 3 consumer surveys, held over 20 focus group interviews, finished 100+ store investigations, analyzed the massive raw data, identified issues and discovered opportunities, then interpreted into insightful and professional PowerPoint presentations.
 Worked with private funds to analyze acquired parties' internal data (e.g. financial sheets) and external market data, project incomes and ROI modeling.
 Won an internal "cross nations new business idea" contest, resulted in helping the company getting a due diligence project on a second-hand luxury product retail company

EDUCATION
2012

Bachelor of Science: ECONOMICS Yokohama city university  Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan

