Sarah Zoeller
Hybrid between Effective Communicator and Financial Guru with a strong understanding of the Yum! Brands business strategy. Trying to find my `brand home' where I can move the needle to exceed goals and where my strengths are leveraged while my weaknesses are developed. sarah.c.zoeller@gmail.com 502-523-2961

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

YUM! BRANDS

2014 - Present

Investor Relations - Analyst

Works cross functionally alongside Brand Finance Leaders, Yum! Financial Planning, Control, Public Relations, and external vendors to

curate accurate and concise communications to ensure the CEO, CFO and VP of IR are properly prepared for Investor Calls, Media

Interviews, Conferences, Roadshows and Board Meetings.

 Developing a strong understanding of Investor's expectation of the YUM system, from unit development to same store sales

growth, product development, etc.

 Manages the Investor Relations budget and working to identify process and budget enhancements

Public Relations - Associate Analyst Led the Public Relations team to develop and implement the Corporate Social Responsibility communication plan alongside cross functional teams including multiple brands. The communications plan covered internal and external channels, including social media, website management, and blog posts. Managed the Corporate Responsibility, World Hunger Relief and Volunteer program budgets.
 Developed leadership and influential skills through executing Yum! Brands very first Feed the World Program alongside Yum! Brands' CEO, Greg Creed and being a participant in SOAR
 Enhanced project managements skills by leading multiple projects from ideation to execution before or at deadline  Became an avid presentation creator to help move the needle in our CSR practices, i.e. student loan project, ESG reporting,
Yum Diversity Performance, etc.  Tightened my attention to detail through multiple communications creation and editing

Public Relations - Coordinator Project managed Yum! Brands community outreach projects, World Hunger Relief and Employee Volunteer Program by creating and executing internal and external communications, tracking donations, volunteer hours and providing grant approvals across the whole Yum! System.
 Developed project management skills through World Hunger Relief POP and website creation for all three brands  Initiated communication development through Volunteer For Hope Internal communications plan

Taco Bell, Real Estate Development - Project Coordinator Analyzed and researched potential sites for new Taco Bells. Provided strong customer service to Real Estate Managers and Franchisees to make sure Taco Bell was capable to complete 67 new builds in one year.
 Strengthened my organizational skills by project managing multiple timelines for potential sites  Built my know how around Taco Bell's development process by executing projects and attending leadership meetings where
potential sites were discussed

Other Experience  Commonwealth Bank and Trust (Intern and promoted to Trust Department Analyst ­ 2012-2014)  General Electric Appliances (Intern - Financial Planning & Analysis ­ 2010-2012)

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT YUM! BRANDS G2 Crew ­ Young Professionals Group Leader focused on Professional Development for our members.

SOAR LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT Completed an intensive 9-month leadership development course, specifically designed as a vehicle through which young women exhibiting high potential as a future leader are coached, educated and prepared for higher levels of leadership and responsibility within their respective companies. The curriculum is designed to engage participants, provoke critical thinking and create future women leaders.
ALZHEIMER'S ASSOCIATION Advisory Board Member & Junior Board President
EDUCATION Bachelor of Science - Finance - University of Louisville ­ PanHellenic Vice President of Finance Sigma Kappa Vice President of Membership

