Simplicity should be found in the execution, not the meaning.

Education Artistic Skills

The Art Institute of Washington Arlington, Virginia
Academy of Art University San Francisco, California
Expert level skills and training in sketching, acrylic painting, excellent foundation abilities with numerous mediums with specialties in mixed media and abstraction. Trained in logo design, magazine layouts, brochure design, poster(s), collateral, social media collateral, branding and identity, package design, presentations, illustration and vector, covers, web site design, multipage publications, book design, binding, campaign marketing.

Computer Skills

Advanced in Adobe Creative Suite, Creative Cloud, and Microsoft Office.

Experience

Newmark Cornish & Carey, Junior Graphic Designer 07/2016 to 10/2016 Walnut Creek, California > Under limited supervision, uses knowledge of current graphic design software to conceptualize and develop high quality, creative and professionallooking marketing and public relations materials. Design and produce marketing materials including flyers, offering memoranda, e-mail blasts, invitations, announcements, presentation boards, maps, stacking plans, aerials, websites, etc. (using corporate branding standards templates). Create and produces a wide range of web products HTML, CSS3, Java scripts, CMS Systems Wordpress, etc. Create and redesigns existing drawings, brochures, floor plans, site maps, as well as creates original camera ready art work and layouts using scanners, hand drawings and computer software. Manages various assignments simultaneously. Responsible for tracking workflow, ensuring that jobs are completed in required time frames to client specifications. Determine style, technique, and medium best suited to produce desired effects. Ability to monitor, manage and execute on a variety of tasks and efforts at different stages of discovery, and execution; handles large request queue; and deliver in fast-paced, deadline driven environment.
Cushman & Wakefield, Graphic Designer 01/2015 to 07/2016 San Francisco, California > Under limited supervision, design and format marketing materials including property brochures, proposals, presentation boards, flyers, postcards, newsletters, email marketing campaigns, and event invitations. Determine size and arrangement of material and copy and select font style and size of type, according to Cushman & Wakefield brand standards. Format HTML graphics for email blasts (eg. MarketVolt, MailChimp, Constant Contact). Create designs, concepts, and layouts based on knowledge of layout principles and esthetic design concepts. Draw and print charts, graphs, illustrations, infographics, and other artwork including branding, identity, and logos. Assist Retail, Industrial, and Commercial Bay Area Brokers in and out of office.

6100 Rosalind Avenue, Richmond, CA 94805 | 571-839-7159 | amanda_pfeifer7@hotmail.com | www.amandapfeiferdesign.com

