Randy Giacalone
About
I am really excited for the chance to bring my positive and motivational energy to a new company. I pride myself on my integrity and my ability to drive a team toward consistent success. My years of experience as a self-starter in business and marketing will prove to be a valuable asset to your company. I am willing to relocate and can start work immediately.
Contact Me
631-553-0093 giacalonee@gmail.com

Experience

Freelancer Branding, Analytics, Marketing Strategy

2017­Present

Currently an active consultant for Mind Your Muscle personal training and Onalim Property Management. Recent work includes A/B testing, creating landing pages, funnels, Facebook and Google Ad campaigns, copywriting, and developing precisely targeted audiences based off of analytical data.

VP of Marketing GoodCellas

2015­2017

Formed an e-commerce startup with three friends specializing in buying and selling used smartphones. Scaled the business from doing $0 to over $2.5 million a year in sales with no outside investors. Involved in every aspect of the business including devising marketing campaigns, managing social media, and creating original content.

Optimum Bethpage, NY, United States

2014­2015

Responsibilities included shipping and receiving, inventory management, and amazing customer service. I worked tightly within a small team that encouraged new ideas. During my first week of employment I wrote an Excel VBA that greatly improved the accuracy and simplicity of the company's inventory system.

Education
SUNY Suffolk Associates Degree, Selden, NY, United States
Acquired my Associates Degree in Liberal Arts from Suffolk County Community College.

2011­2013

Skills
· Officially certified in Google Adwords & Analytics. · Bing Ads Accredited Professional. · Basic knowledge of HTML/CSS · Adept at funnel and landing page creation using
the Unbounce and Clickfunnels platforms.
· Experienced in marketing automation using
Hootsuite for social media management and Mailchimp for drip email campaigns.
· Working knowledge of site building platforms
including Magento, Shopify, and WordPress.
· Knowledgeable across the entire Adobe Creative
Cloud and specifically proficient in Photoshop, Lightroom, and Illustrator.

