(949) 283-9692

DEREK BARTOLOME
30362 La Vue ~ Laguna Niguel, California 92677

DBartolome@cox.net

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Management-level professional with over 12 years of experience in the restaurant and hospitality industry. Obtained an MBA from the University of Phoenix (2004). Extensive understanding of profit and loss, equity, and cash flow as it applies to the business. Proven track record of improving efficiencies through hands-on employee management. Outstanding analytical skills. Dynamic communicator with a strong background in employee training. Computer proficiency in MS Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, Windows, Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator, C and Java.

UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX Master of Business Administration ­ 2004  GPA: 3.82

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, IRVINE Bachelor of Arts in Economics ­ 2001 Bachelor of Arts in Political Science ­ 2001

SADDLEBACK COLLEGE Associate of Science in Real Estate ­ 2006
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UNITED STATES CENSUS BUREAU, Santa Ana, California

2009-2010

Crew Leader Assistant

 Learned the nature, scope, and objectives of each assigned field operation and specific procedures to be followed.

 Assisted the crew leader to ensure work was completed according to procedures and on schedule.

 Met daily with enumerators to assign work and conduct quality control on their paperwork to ensure accuracy and completeness.

 Submitted completed and acceptable materials to supervisor on a regular basis.

 Observed enumerators in the field, provided on-the-spot assistance, and recommended additional training for low performing

enumerators.

 Reviewed daily payroll forms for accuracy and completeness.

HOOTERS RESTAURANTS, Anaheim, California

2006-2008

Restaurant Manager

 Collaborated with the Management team to oversee all business operations for this location with 100+ full and part time

employees and gross sales of roughly $5 million annually.

 Administered daily management routines to aid in employee satisfaction, a safe and secure environment and overall guest

improvement.

 Created systems and tools to aid staff in labor controls, inventory/food costs and overall operating costs.

 Analyzed the current market trends to aid the current location in areas of sales and profitability.

 Managed and trained employees in use of POSitouch/Northstar and Radiant POS/Enterprise system.

RUBIO'S FRESH MEXICAN GRILL, Tustin, California

2002-2004

Assistant Training Manager

 Collaborated with the General Manager to oversee all business operations for this location with 30+ full and part time employees

and gross sales of roughly $1.3 million annually. Reviewed financials to improve sales and profit by 10% over previous year.

 Oversaw daily personnel management, employee relations, safety, security and guest relations.

 Managed an appropriate balance of profit and loss by controlling labor, inventory and food costs.

 Monitored food quality and employee cash handling to ensure minimal loss.

 Managed and trained employees in use of ReMACs computer and Radiant POS system.

LEGOLAND CALIFORNIA, Carlsbad, California

2002

Food & Beverage Shift/Team Lead

 Teamed with Supervisor to control costs on a shift-by-shift basis by consistently monitoring food quality and usage, labor costs

and inventory. Made adjustments as needed to optimize expenditures.

 Managed, trained and motivated team members to achieve compliance with guidelines for money handling, food handling and customer relations.
 Achieved and maintained compliance with sanitation and safety regulations set forth by company and external governing bodies.  Obtained Food Handling Certificate within the County of San Diego.

KNOTT'S BERRY FARM, Buena Park, California

2000-2001

Food Service Shift Leader

 Partnered with Supervisor to manage all daily business operations, including personnel management, employee relations, guest

relations, safety and security.

 Managed, trained and motivated 100+ team members. Enforced cash handling and guest service procedures, and ensured

compliance with safety and security regulations.

 Functioned as a key participant in increasing Cart Halloween Haunt sales by 80% over the previous year.

 Taught Food Service Orientation and Cash Control classes. TIPS (Training for Intervention ProcedureS) and CPR certified.

 Knowledgeable with TEC registers, Royal Registers, AS/400 and MICROS system.

KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN, Laguna Niguel, California

1996-1999

Shift Supervisor

 Managed and supervised all daily business operations to ensure highest levels of profitability, safety and guest service.

 Recruited, interviewed, hired and trained delivery staff. Managed all personnel issues, including scheduling, performance

appraisals, disciplinary action and consistent motivating of all staff.

 Controlled profit & loss by aggressively enforcing cash control and security procedures, maintaining inventory, managing labor,

evaluating financial reports and initiating adjustments where necessary.

 Contributed to in-store sales increase of 5% over previous year.

